"If you are ever the smartest person in the room, you are in the wrong room." - C. Sean McGee
"Poetry is written with tears, fiction with blood, and history with invisible ink." - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"Absorb what is useful, discard what is not, add what is uniquely your own." - Bruce Lee
"A life without a cause is a life without effect." - Paulo Coelho
"What a liberation to realize that 'the voice in my head' is not who I am. Who am I then? The one who sees that." - Eckhart Tolle
"Thinking is difficult, that's why most people judge." - Carl Jung
"Make no small plans for they have no power to stir the soul." - Niccolo Machiavelli
"Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"The hardest arithmetic to master is that which enables us to count our blessings." - Eric Hoffer
"If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans. " - Woody Allen
"Patience is a form of wisdom. It demonstrates that we understand and accept the fact that sometimes things must unfold in their own time." - Jon Kabat-Zinn
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." - Colin R. Davis
"The more one judges, the less one loves." - Honore de Balzac
"Life is the dancer and you are the dance." - Eckhart Tolle
"Associate yourself with men of good quality, if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. " - George Washington
"Don't think money does everything or you are going to end up doing everything for money." - Voltaire
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." - Lao Tzu
"The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday." - Steve Maraboli
"We must create our own world or we will die from inaction." - Robert Greene
"It's very strange that the people you love are often the people you're most cruel to." - Kenneth Branagh
"The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet." - Aristotle
"Whatever happens always happens on time." - Zen Proverb
"The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success. " - Paramahansa Yogananda
"Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world." - Eckhart Tolle
"A wise man makes his own decisions, but an ignorant man mindlessly follows the crowd." - Chinese Proverb
"They who have conquered doubt and fear have conquered failure." - James Allen
"Patience expands your options. If you insist on immediate gratification, your choices are severely limited." - Ralph Marston
"Nothing is too high for a man to reach, but he must climb with care and confidence" - Hans Christian Andersen
"The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud." - Coco Chanel
"The majority of what you want will come from the minority of what you do." - Gary Keller
"I'm not afraid of death, but I'm in no hurry to die." - Stephen Hawking
"Fiction is the truth inside the lie." - Stephen King
"He who knows best knows how little he knows." - Thomas Jefferson
"Throw your heart over the fence and the rest will follow" - Norman Vincent Peale
"Leaders think and talk about solutions. Followers think and talk about the problems." - Brian Tracy
"She who loves roses must be patient and not cry out when she is pierced by thorns." - Kenji Miyazawa
"Don't let making a living prevent you from making a life." - John Wooden
"The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away." - Pablo Picasso
"A memory is a beautiful thing, it's almost a desire that you miss." - Gustave Flaubert
"To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable." - Gilbert Chesterton
"Peace begins with a smile." - Mother Teresa
"I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else." - Pablo Picasso
"Whether you think you can or think you can't – you are right." - Henry Ford
"The only thing more frustrating than slanderers is those foolish enough to listen to them." - Criss Jami
"A loving heart is the truest wisdom." - Charles Dickens
"We will now discuss in a little more detail the Struggle for Existence." - Charles Darwin
"Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong." - Unknown
"Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance. It cannot be coaxed or bribed; pay the price and it is yours. " - Orison Swett Marden
"Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises." - Samuel Butler
"The best answer to anger is silence." - Marcus Aurelius
"Problems remain as problems because people are busy defending them rather than finding solutions." - Celestine Chua
"When you love someone, you love the person as they are, and not as you'd like them to be." - Leo Tolstoy
"The whole world is a series of miracles, but we're so used to them we call them ordinary things." - Hans Christian Andersen
"Strategy is a commodity, execution is an art." - Peter Drucker
"Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back." - Criss Jami
"Heal the past, live the present, dream the future." - Mary Engelbreit
"The world only exists in your eyes. You can make it as big or as small as you want." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Those who look for the bad in people will surely find it." - Abraham Lincoln
"Just throw away all thoughts of imaginary things, and stand firm in that which you are." - Kabir
"The most tragic thing in the world is a man of genius who is not a man of honor." - George Bernard Shaw
"The key to success is failure." - Michael Jordan
"Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly." - Mae West
"Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless." - Mother Teresa
"You will have bad times, but they will always wake you up to the stuff you weren't paying attention to." - Robin Williams
"Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver." - Ayn Rand
"It is in changing that we find purpose." - Heraclitus
"The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you." - Bette Midler
"The chief cause of failure and unhappiness is trading what you want most for what you want right now." - Zig Ziglar
"How to get more opportunity: Create more opportunity for others." - Jack Butcher
"Unless you change how you are, you will always have what you got." - Jim Rohn
"Better to live until you die." - Dan Millman
"Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live." - Jim Rohn
"I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure." - John D. Rockefeller
"No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks." - James Allen
"You can't go forward and backwards at the same time." - Steve Harvey
"Judgments prevent us from seeing the good that lies beyond appearances.  " - Wayne Dyer
"Creativity is intelligence having fun." - Albert Einstein
"Every man's work, whether it be literature or music or pictures or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of himself." - Samuel Butler
"Absence makes the heart grow fonder." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier." - Colin Powell
"The question is not what you look at, but what you see." - Henry David Thoreau
"Everybody needs a passion. That's what keeps life interesting." - Betty White
"Show kindness but never expect it. Show authenticity but never expect it. Only the wise are indifferent to things they can't control." - Maxime Lagace
"If it's not broken, tinker with it till you find out how it works." - Bob Proctor
"Don't be afraid to go slowly. Be afraid of stopping." - Zen Proverb
"The only lost cause is one we give up on before we enter the struggle." - Vaclav Havel
"Every moment of happiness requires a great amount of Ignorance" - Honore de Balzac
"Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other." - Brian Tracy
"Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul." - Alexander Pope
"Love is merely the name for the desire and pursuit of the whole." - Aristophanes
"Peace is the result of retraining your mind to process life as it is, rather than as you think it should be.  " - Wayne Dyer
"Less is more." - Robert Browning
"You find peace not by rearranging the circumstances of your life, but by realizing who you are at the deepest level." - Eckhart Tolle
"The most difficult times for many of us are the ones we give ourselves." - Pema Chodron
"Words used to attract the dull of wit are not to be relied on." - Huang Po
"Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself." - Leo Tolstoy
"A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart." - Jonathan Swift
"There is no truth. There is only perception." - Gustave Flaubert
"There will always be suffering. But we must not suffer over the suffering." - Alan Watts
"Never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it." - Stephen Hawking
"You cannot teach a crab to walk straight." - Aristophanes
"New opinions are always suspected, and usually opposed, without any other reason but because they are not common." - John Locke
"Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable." - Coco Chanel
"Normal is the average of deviance." - Rita Mae Brown
"Never let your memories be greater than your dreams." - Doug Ivester
"Longevity is a fleeting moment that lasts forever." - Vidal Sassoon
"Most of us live our lives by accident - we live as it happens. Fulfilment comes when we live our lives on purpose." - Simon Sinek
"You use a glass mirror to see your face; you use works of art to see your soul." - George Bernard Shaw
"Wisdom is the oneness of mind that guides and permeates all things." - Heraclitus
"There are no shortcuts to any place worth going." - Beverly Sills
"Do not ignore your gift. Your gift is the thing you do the absolute best with the least amount of effort." - Steve Harvey
"People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough." - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"The universe doesn't give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions." - Steve Maraboli
"The score never interested me, only the game." - Mae West
"Strive for excellence, not perfection, because we don't live in a perfect world." - Joyce Meyer
"Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence. " - George Washington
"Never put off to tomorrow what you can do to-day." - Thomas Jefferson
"Too much sanity may be madness and the maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it should be. " - Miguel de Cervantes
"We are all self-made, but only the successful will admit it." - Earl Nightingale
"Only when you can be extremely pliable and soft can you be extremely hard and strong." - Zen Proverb
"Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"A man should do his job so well that the living, the dead, and the unborn could do it no better." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Don't try to be young. Just open your mind. Stay interested in stuff." - Betty White
"Fools resist. The wise embrace." - Maxime Lagace
"A fear of weakness only strengthens weakness." - Criss Jami
"Perhaps the most tragic thing about mankind is that we are all dreaming about some magical garden over the horizon, instead of enjoying the roses that are right outside today." - Andrew Carnegie
"Failing is another stepping stone to greatness." - Oprah Winfrey
"To earn more you must learn more." - Brian Tracy
"It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters." - Epictetus
"The truth is not for all men, but for those who seek it." - Ayn Rand
"The moment you stop to think about whether you love someone, you've already stopped loving that person forever." - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"If you want something then you lose everything. If you don't want anything then you already have everything." - Seungsahn
"The dream is free, but the hustle is sold separately." - Steve Harvey
"Perfectionism is simply putting a limit on your future." - John Eliot
"Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well. " - Jack London
"Insanity is relative. It depends on who has who locked in what cage.  " - Ray Bradbury
"Open your eyes and look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?" - Bob Marley
"Your home is where your thoughts find peace." - Zen Proverb
"Even in the grave, all is not lost." - Edgar Allan Poe
"Because a thing seems difficult for you, do not think it impossible." - Marcus Aurelius
"Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer." - Sun Tzu
"Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it." - Helen Keller
"Discipline is the mark of intelligent living." - Sathya Sai Baba
"When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be." - Lao Tzu
"Everyday you can take a tiny step in the right direction." - Unknown
"Everybody's life is either rewarding or an example." - Tony Robbins
"To perceive is to suffer." - Aristotle
"Everything around us is made up of energy. To attract positive things in your life, start by giving off positive energy." - Celestine Chua
"Dance first. Think later. It's the natural order." - Samuel Beckett
"Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful." - Roy T. Bennett
"Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things." - Peter Drucker
"Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry.  " - Jack Kerouac
"Even if you stumble and fall down, it doesn't mean you've chosen the wrong path." - Zen Proverb
"Cleverness is not wisdom." - Euripides
"It is best to begin at the beginning." - Amelia Earhart
"Whatever you are, be a good one." - Abraham Lincoln
"Don't let anyone define you. You define yourself." - Billie Jean King
"The secret of perfect health lies in keeping the mind always cheerful - never worried, never hurried, never borne down by any fear, thought or anxiety." - Sathya Sai Baba
"As a matter of fact is an expression that precedes many an expression that isn't." - Laurence J. Peter
"We're responsible for everything that happens to us." - Yanni
"Our happiness depends on the habit of mind we cultivate." - Norman Vincent Peale
"Life is either a daring adventure, or it is nothing." - Helen Keller
"The best dreams happen when you're awake." - Cherie Gilderbloom
"The first step is to establish that something is possible; then probability will occur." - Elon Musk
"In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert's mind there are few." - Shunryu Suzuki
"It is children only who enjoy the present; their elders either live on the memory of the past or the hope of the future." - Nicolas Chamfort
"If you aim at nothing, you will hit it every time.  " - Zig Ziglar
"To be prepared is half the victory. " - Miguel de Cervantes
"Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures." - Henry Ward Beecher
"We run to win, not just to be in the race.  " - Vince Lombardi
"It's your road, and yours alone, others may walk it with you, but no one can walk it for you." - Rumi
"Your world is a living expression of how you are using and have used your mind." - Earl Nightingale
"Happiness comes when you believe in what you are doing, know what you are doing, and love what you are doing." - Brian Tracy
"Every poem should remind the reader that they are going to die." - Edgar Allan Poe
"It's just a bad day, not a bad life." - Mary Engelbreit
"If you do not push the boundaries, you will never know where they are." - T.S. Eliot
"Enlightenment is intimacy with all things." - Dogen
"Every act of creation is first an act of destruction." - Pablo Picasso
"Faults are yours to fix, not to curse." - Colin Powell
"The way of success is the way of continuous pursuit of knowledge." - Napoleon Hill
"Fear does not have any special power unless you empower it by submitting to it." - Les Brown
"Do not regret the past. Look to the future." - Soyen Shaku
"No one returns from a long journey the same person they were before." - Zen Proverb
"There is no right or wrong, only a series of possibilities that shift with each thought, feeling, and action that you experience." - Deepak Chopra
"We will act consistently with our view of who we truly are, whether that view is accurate or not." - Tony Robbins
"No idea, no matter how good, will work if it doesn't get used." - Peter A. Cohen
"Listen to the secret sound, the real sound, which is inside you." - Kabir
"It is useless to attempt to reason a man out of a thing he was never reasoned into." - Jonathan Swift
"It's beautiful to be alone. To be alone does not mean to be lonely. It means the mind is not influenced and contaminated by society." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"Remember that the best relationship is one in which your love for each other exceeds your need for each other." - Dalai Lama
"A single dream is more powerful than a thousand realities." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Fishing is much more than fish." - Herbert Hoover
"None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Nothing important is learned; it is simply remembered." - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"Perseverance and spirit have done wonders in all ages. " - George Washington
"Everyone has oceans to fly, if they have the heart to do it. Is it reckless? Maybe. But what do dreams know of boundaries." - Amelia Earhart
"To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing." - Elbert Hubbard
"To find yourself, think for yourself." - Socrates
"Failure is just information and an opportunity to change your course." - Oprah Winfrey
"We will outstretch the hand if you unclench your fist." - Barack Obama
"As one grows weaker one is less susceptible to suffering. There is less hurt because there is less to hurt." - Jack London
"You know the more one does the more one can do." - Amelia Earhart
"Always do what is right. It will gratify half of mankind and astound the other." - Mark Twain
"A Quitter never wins - and - a Winner never quits." - Napoleon Hill
"Greatness lies not in being strong, but in the right use of strength." - Henry Ward Beecher
"We turn not older with years but newer every day." - Emily Dickinson
"It is under the greatest adversity that there exists the greatest potential for doing good, both for oneself and others." - Dalai Lama
"To improve is to change, so to be perfect is to change often." - Winston Churchill
"When you have vision it affects your attitude. Your attitude is optimistic rather than pessimistic. " - Charles Swindoll
"If what you're doing is not your passion, you have nothing to lose." - Celestine Chua
"He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has." - Epictetus
"That some achieve great success is proof to all that others can achieve it as well." - Abraham Lincoln
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily." - Zig Ziglar
"One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful." - Sigmund Freud
"He who cannot be a good follower cannot be a good leader." - Aristotle
"You are the only problem you will ever have and you are the only solution." - Bob Proctor
"Fears are nothing more than a state of mind." - Napoleon Hill
"Death walks faster than the wind and never returns what he has taken." - Hans Christian Andersen
"Natural talent only determines the limits of your athletic potential. It's dedication and a willingness to discipline your life that makes you great." - Billie Jean King
"Catch, then, O catch the transient hour; Improve each moment as it flies! " - St. Jerome
"The past has no power over the present moment. " - Eckhart Tolle
"Knowledge isn't power until it is applied." - Dale Carnegie
"The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. " - Oprah Winfrey
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." - Dale Carnegie
"Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent van Gogh
"When we have our body and mind in order, everything else will exist in the right place, in the right way." - Shunryu Suzuki
"We can know only that we know nothing. And that is the highest degree of human wisdom." - Leo Tolstoy
"Make failure your teacher, not your undertaker.  " - Zig Ziglar
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. " - Lao Tzu
"Do anything, but let it produce joy." - Walt Whitman
"You become a worrier by practicing worry. You become free of worry by practicing the opposite." - Norman Vincent Peale
"You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible." - Deepak Chopra
"I wasn't brave, I just didn't have time to be scared." - Amelia Earhart
"Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do." - Jim Rohn
"Where focus goes, energy flows." - Tony Robbins
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." - Zen Proverb
"Don't shortchange yourself when it comes to investing in your own better future." - Jim Rohn
"A poet should be so crafty with words that he is envied even for his pains." - Criss Jami
"Peace if possible, truth at all costs." - Martin Luther
"Most people get ahead during the time that others waste." - Henry Ford
"When you judge others, you do not define them, you define yourself." - Earl Nightingale
"Fear of death is fear of surrender to Infinity. Learn to surrender, to exist at Infinity while alive, and fear of death dissolves." - Adi Da Samraj
"Friends ask you questions; enemies question you." - Criss Jami
"Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes. " - Oscar Wilde
"Hardly anybody recognizes the most significant moments of their life at the time they happen." - W.P. Kinsella
"Don't allow your mind to tell your heart what to do. The mind gives up easily." - Paulo Coelho
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
"Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best." - Andrew Carnegie
"Be a master of change rather than a victim of change." - Brian Tracy
"Before preparing to improve the world, first look around your own home three times. " - Chinese Proverb
"The secret of life is to fall seven times and to get up eight times." - Paulo Coelho
"A comfort zone is a beautiful place, but nothing ever grows there." - Unknown
"To be totally at leisure for one day is to be immortal for one day. " - Chinese Proverb
"Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart." - Confucius
"If I can pay the bills, I'm happy." - Morgan Wootten
"When you win, say nothing, when you lose say less." - Wayne Gretzky
"Comedy = tragedy + time." - Carol Burnett
"The happiest people in the world are those who feel absolutely terrific about themselves." - Brian Tracy
"If you want to be successful, you have to jump, there's no way around it." - Steve Harvey
"An intelligence test sometimes shows a man how smart he would have been not to have taken it." - Laurence J. Peter
"The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do." - Steve Jobs
"If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain." - Emily Dickinson
"Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more." - Tony Robbins
"The friendship that can cease has never been real. " - St. Jerome
"Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future." - Oscar Wilde
"If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves." - Thomas Edison
"Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you. " - Oprah Winfrey
"If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right." - Henry Ford
"Confidence breeds beauty.  " - Estee Lauder
"I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking." - Joan Rivers
"We can choose to look at whatever we want.  We can look at what's wrong in our life or we can look at what's right." - Sonia Ricotti
"You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler. " - Denis Waitley
"We become what we believe." - Lolly Daskal
"The soul without imagination is what an observatory would be without a telescope." - Henry Ward Beecher
"Give out what you most want to come back." - Robin Sharma
"The greater the impact you want to make, the greater your influence needs to be." - Lolly Daskal
"Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart." - Roy T. Bennett
"If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old." - Peter Drucker
"A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality." - Yoko Ono
"The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision." - Helen Keller
"One small positive thought can change your whole day." - Zig Ziglar
"When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor." - Elon Musk
"At first dreams seem impossible, then improbable, then inevitable." - Christopher Reeve
"Any fool can turn a blind eye but who knows what the ostrich sees in the sand." - Samuel Beckett
"Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead." - Hans Christian Andersen
"Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder." - Rumi
"You do not read a book for the book's sake, but for your own." - Earl Nightingale
"If you see a get rich quick scheme, that's someone else trying to get rich off of you." - Naval Ravikant
"Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun." - Alan Watts
"Empty your mind, be formless, shapeless, like water." - Bruce Lee
"Love is the absence of judgment." - Dalai Lama
"Don't let your mind stop you." - Steve Harvey
"True love stories never have endings." - Richard Bach
"They say love is the best investment; the more you give, the more you get in return." - Audrey Hepburn
"Don't hate the player. Change the game." - Steve Harvey
"Great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind, but great actions speak to all mankind." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Greatness comes from living with purpose and passion." - Ralph Marston
"We must cultivate our garden. " - Voltaire
"Fear is stupid. So are regrets." - Marilyn Monroe
"Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get." - Andrew Carnegie
"Everyone has the right to make his own decisions, but none has the right to force his decision on others." - Ayn Rand
"Success and failure come and go, but don't let them define you. It's who you are that matters." - Kamal Ravikant
"Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Distant water does not put out a nearby fire." - Chinese Proverb
"Truth will always be truth, regardless of lack of understanding, disbelief or ignorance. " - W. Clement Stone
"Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are." - Niccolo Machiavelli
"No great discovery was ever made without a bold guess. " - Isaac Newton
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"He who possesses most must be most afraid of loss." - Leonardo da Vinci
"We build too many walls and not enough bridges." - Isaac Newton
"We can spend our whole lives escaping from the monsters of our minds." - Pema Chodron
"The way we feel is the direct result of what we think." - Peter A. Cohen
"The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it." - William James
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything." - Mark Twain
"You can't let your failures define you. You have to let your failures teach you." - Barack Obama
"Don't waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy." - Roy T. Bennett
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." - Jim Rohn
"Life is what you make it. Always has been, always will be." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The power of man has grown in every sphere, except over himself." - Winston Churchill
"Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity." - Ayn Rand
"An inventor is a man who asks Why? of the universe and lets nothing stand between the answer and his mind." - Ayn Rand
"If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The final mystery is oneself." - Oscar Wilde
"We take care of the future best by taking care of the present now." - Jon Kabat-Zinn
"The fastest way to change is to laugh at your own folly." - Spencer Johnson
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall." - Confucius
"Anger begins with folly, and ends with repentance. " - Beverly Sills
"Persistence. Perfection. Patience. Power. Prioritize your passion. It keeps you sane." - Criss Jami
"It is ignorance that causes most mistakes." - Harry S. Truman
"The deeper the truth in a creative work, the longer it will live.  " - Charlie Chaplin
"The most important things are the hardest to say." - Stephen King
"When you are tempted to give up, your breakthrough is probably just around the corner." - Joyce Meyer
"Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs. " - Henry Ford
"Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it's all an experience." - Roy T. Bennett
"There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires." - Buddha
"It is passion that makes man live; wisdom makes one only last." - Nicolas Chamfort
"Be gentle with yourself. Think less and feel more. Be as happy as you can. You only have this moment." - Dan Millman
"I discovered a long time ago that if I helped enough people get what they wanted, I would always get what I wanted and I would never have to worry." - Tony Robbins
"Life is filled with secrets. You can't learn them all at once." - Dan Brown
"The giving of love is an education in itself." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Change yourself and you have done your part in changing the world." - Paramahansa Yogananda
"Never take your position for granted and never let any favors you receive go to your head." - Robert Greene
"Like it or not, this moment is all we really have to work with." - Jon Kabat-Zinn
"Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude." - Denis Waitley
"If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything." - John Wooden
"Wrong turns are as important as right turns. More important, sometimes." - Richard Bach
"Learn from the rejection and turn it into an opportunity!" - Mary Engelbreit
"No tree, it is said, can grow to heaven unless its roots reach down to hell." - Carl Jung
"Discipline yourself, and others won't need to." - John Wooden
"Trust is the foundation of great leadership." - Lolly Daskal
"If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress." - Barack Obama
"Sometimes adversity is what you need to face in order to become successful." - Zig Ziglar
"Just do what must be done. This may not be happiness but it is greatness." - George Bernard Shaw
"It's better to dance than to march through life." - Yoko Ono
"One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus; we never concentrate our power." - Tony Robbins
"The businessman's tool is value." - Ayn Rand
"Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else. " - James Matthew Barrie
"Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment." - Oprah Winfrey
"It's your life-but only if you make it so." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time." - Steve Jobs
"Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them." - Epictetus
"You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Show up even when you don't want to show up." - Steve Harvey
"Most of the evil in this world is done by people with good intentions." - T.S. Eliot
"You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. " - Beverly Sills
"The most important battle is one to conquer yourself." - Yanni
"Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions." - Albert Einstein
"Best be yourself, imperial, plain, and true." - Robert Browning
"You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes." - A.A. Milne
"All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination." - Earl Nightingale
"Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain." - Bob Dylan
"There's no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love. There is only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen." - Wayne Dyer
"Force has no place where there is need of skill. " - Herodotus
"A day wasted on others is not wasted on one's self." - Charles Dickens
"I do not exist to impress the world. I exist to live my life in a way that will make me happy." - Richard Bach
"Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working." - Pablo Picasso
"Who you are is defined by what you're willing to struggle for." - Mark Manson
"You must conceive it in your heart and mind before you can receive it. If you believe then all things are possible." - Norman Vincent Peale
"Big people don't make people feel small." - Robin Sharma
"It is better to learn late than never." - Publilius Syrus
"Sometimes you have to shut your eyes, so you can see the real beauty." - Kilian Jornet
"Never do to others what you would not like them to do to you. " - Confucius
"Don't bother people for help without first trying to solve the problem yourself." - Colin Powell
"Character is destiny." - Heraclitus
"It's OK to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket." - Elon Musk
"If you've made a mistake, it's better just to laugh at it." - Zen Proverb
"If you have to be in a soap opera try not to be cast in the worst role." - Judy Garland
"Money poisons you when you've got it, and starves you when you haven't." - D. H. Lawrence
"Whatever your heart clings to and confides in, that is really your God." - Martin Luther
"There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about. " - Oscar Wilde
"For things to change, you have to change." - Jim Rohn
"The greatest doer must also be a great dreamer." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Every hour of every day is an unspeakably perfect miracle." - Walt Whitman
"Imagination is more important than knowledge." - Albert Einstein
"It is important that we forgive ourselves for making mistakes. We need to learn from our errors and move on." - Steve Maraboli
"Even when a friend does something you do not like, he continues to be your friend. " - Genghis Khan
"The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Who wishes to fight must first count the cost." - Sun Tzu
"One is never afraid of the unknown; one is afraid of the known coming to an end." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow know what you truly want to become." - Steve Jobs
"There are no differences but differences of degree between different degrees of difference and no difference." - William James
"Every defeat, every heartbreak every loss, contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time." - Og Mandino
"Before enlightenment; chop wood, carry water. After enlightenment; chop wood, carry water." - Buddha
"Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart." - Lolly Daskal
"The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of the nonessentials." - Lin Yutang
"The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have." - Norman Vincent Peale
"You are today where your thoughts have brought you." - James Allen
"Constantly seek criticism. A well thought out critique of whatever you're doing is as valuable as gold." - Elon Musk
"At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets." - Steve Maraboli
"Intelligent men are cruel. Stupid men are monstrously cruel." - Jack London
"It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness." - Charles Spurgeon
"As you love yourself, life loves you back." - Kamal Ravikant
"There's no next time. It's now or never." - Celestine Chua
"No one ever is defeated until defeat has been accepted as a reality." - Napoleon Hill
"Once a decision was made, I didn't worry about it afterward." - Harry S. Truman
"Nothing endures but change." - Heraclitus
"Confidence is not a guarantee of success, but a pattern of thinking that will improve your likelihood of success, a tenacious search for ways to make things work." - John Eliot
"It is better to change an opinion than to persist in a wrong one." - Socrates
"We meet ourselves time and again in a thousand disguises on the path of life." - Carl Jung
"Desire is suffering." - Naval Ravikant
"It's not the love you make. It's the love you give. " - Nikola Tesla
"Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars." - Kahlil Gibran
"When at last you are come to the ocean of happiness, do not go back thirsty." - Kabir
"Words are like Leaves; and where they most abound, Much Fruit of Sense beneath is rarely found." - Alexander Pope
"We should not look back unless it is to derive useful lessons from past errors." - George Washington
"The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"You can do nothing to change the past, and the future will never come exactly as you plan or hope for." - Dan Millman
"Sorrow is how we learn to love." - Rita Mae Brown
"You already have every characteristic necessary for success if you recognize, claim, develop and use them." - Zig Ziglar
"Words, once they are printed, have a life of their own." - Carol Burnett
"Paths are made by walking." - Franz Kafka
"Find something you love and do it better than everyone else." - Gurbaksh Chahal
"Don't let your learning lead to knowledge. Let your learning lead to action." - Jim Rohn
"Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought." - Napoleon Hill
"It's not how much money you make, it's how much money you keep." - Robert Kiyosaki
"Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game." - Babe Ruth
"No man becomes rich unless he enriches others." - Andrew Carnegie
"You can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means he uses to frighten you." - Eric Hoffer
"The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for." - Bob Marley
"My definition of success is control." - Kenneth Branagh
"Friendship is one of the most tangible things in a world which offers fewer and fewer supports." - Kenneth Branagh
"The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is a process of learning." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties." - Harry S. Truman
"Talk to someone about themselves and they'll listen for hours." - Dale Carnegie
"It's the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more." - Albus Dumbledore
"Abundance of knowledge does not teach men to be wise." - Heraclitus
"Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement." - Brian Tracy
"Don't learn to do, but learn in doing." - Samuel Butler
"When you know what you want, and you want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it." - Jim Rohn
"Reality is nothing but a collective hunch." - Lily Tomlin
"If you see someone without a smile give them one of yours." - Unknown
"Hope is a waking dream." - Aristotle
"Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"The less you respond to negative people, the more positive your life will become." - Paulo Coelho
"If you've never eaten while crying you don t know what life tastes like." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Not all readers are leaders, but all leaders are readers." - Harry S. Truman
"Anger, ego, jealousy are the biggest diseases,Keep yourself aloof from these three diseases." - Sathya Sai Baba
"Life happens in the river, not the shore." - Maxime Lagace
"The outer conditions of a person's life will always be found to reflect their inner beliefs." - James Allen
"Fallacies do not cease to be fallacies because they become fashions." - Gilbert Chesterton
"If I cannot do great things. I can do small things in a great way." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet." - Stephen Hawking
"What you resist, persists." - Carl Jung
"Go for it now. The future is promised to no one." - Wayne Dyer
"When you view failure as feedback, you get more done. When you view failure as a finality, you get nothing done." - Jack Butcher
"The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake." - Meister Eckhart
"Life is a journey, not a destination." - Dan Millman
"Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself." - Richard Bach
"You can't have anything worthwhile without difficulties." - Harry S. Truman
"It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong." - Voltaire
"Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time." - George Bernard Shaw
"To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts." - Henry David Thoreau
"If the plan doesn't work, change the plan, but never the goal." - Unknown
"The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion." - Paulo Coelho
"Trust your instincts: my first reaction is almost invariably the right one.  " - Estee Lauder
"Always be a first rate version of yourself and not a second rate version of someone else." - Judy Garland
"You can live a whole life time never being awake." - Dan Millman
"Attitude, not aptitude, determines altitude.  " - Zig Ziglar
"The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams. " - Oprah Winfrey
"Knowledge is a treasure, but practice is the key to it." - Lao Tzu
"I can live without money, but I cannot live without love." - Judy Garland
"True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us." - Socrates
"Where words fail, music speaks." - Hans Christian Andersen
"An investment in knowledge pays the best interest." - Benjamin Franklin
"Life is not just the passing of time. Life is the collection of experiences and their intensity." - Jim Rohn
"A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his life." - James Allen
"See what you're doing wrong, laugh at it, change and do better." - Spencer Johnson
"I do not seek. I find." - Pablo Picasso
"Life is about choice. You can choose to be a victim or anything else you like to be." - Celestine Chua
"Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind." - William James
"Today is plenty; right now is enough. Tomorrow will come in good time. Until it does, live the depth of now." - Ralph Marston
"Today I begin a new life. I will greet this day with love in my heart." - Og Mandino
"I learned the value of hard work by working hard. " - Margaret Mead
"We know nothing of tomorrow, our business is to be good and happy today." - Sydney Smith
"Superstars think like superstars long before the fans or the press anoint them." - John Eliot
"There are no ordinary moments." - Dan Millman
"Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more. " - Nikola Tesla
"Success is doing what you want to do, when you want, where you want, with whom you want, as much as you want." - Tony Robbins
"One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives." - Euripides
"Good things aren't supposed to just fall into your lap." - Audrey Hepburn
"Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear." - George Addair
"To be alive - is Power." - Emily Dickinson
"Perplexity is the beginning of knowledge." - Kahlil Gibran
"The journey is what brings us happiness not the destination." - Dan Millman
"It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting." - Paulo Coelho
"Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear." - Mark Twain
"Happiness is not a goal...it's a by-product of a life well lived." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Nothing can bring you peace but yourself." - Dale Carnegie
"If you go out looking for friends, you're going to find they are very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere." - Zig Ziglar
"What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from." - T.S. Eliot
"Walk with those seeking truth... RUN FROM THOSE WHO THINK THEY'VE FOUND IT." - Deepak Chopra
"You need to be doing fewer things for more effect instead of doing more things with side effects." - Gary Keller
"Conscience is a man's compass. " - Vincent van Gogh
"If you truly love Nature, you will find beauty everywhere. " - Vincent van Gogh
"If I persist long enough I will win." - Og Mandino
"The greatest work that kindness does to others is that it makes them kind themselves." - Amelia Earhart
"Nothing in this world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty." - Theodore Roosevelt
"I try more and more to be myself, caring relatively little whether people approve or disapprove." - Vincent van Gogh
"If you are not living each day with excitement, energy, and passion, then you are not living true to your life purpose." - Celestine Chua
"There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot." - Plato
"Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings, so that you shall gain easily what others have labored hard for." - Socrates
"Presents are made for the pleasure of who gives them, not the merits of who receives them." - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"If you focus on success, you'll have stress. But if you pursue excellence, success will be guaranteed." - Deepak Chopra
"Life is like underwear, should be changed twice a day.  " - Ray Bradbury
"I put my heart and soul into my work, and I have lost my mind in the process." - Vincent van Gogh
"Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed." - Alexander Pope
"Genius is the ability to act rightly without precedent - the power to do the right thing the first time." - Elbert Hubbard
"We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone." - Ronald Reagan
"Life is like a wheel. Sooner or later, it always comes around to where you started again." - Stephen King
"If you do the work you get rewarded. There are no shortcuts in life." - Michael Jordan
"Open your mind before your mouth." - Aristophanes
"You are not the drop in the ocean, but the ocean in the drop." - Deepak Chopra
"Persistence is very important. You should not give up unless you are forced to give up." - Elon Musk
"Meanings are not determined by situations, but we determine ourselves by the meanings we give to situations." - Alfred Adler
"An approximate answer to the right question is worth a great deal more than a precise answer to the wrong question." - John Tukey
"The law of harvest is to reap more than you sow. Sow an act, and you reap a habit. Sow a habit and you reap a character. Sow a character and you reap a destiny." - James Allen
"Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not" - Pablo Picasso
"Quality means doing it right when no one is looking." - Henry Ford
"Wherever you are, it's the place you need to be." - Maxime Lagace
"We have to live life with a sense of urgency so not a minute is wasted." - Les Brown
"True prayer has no set form." - Morihei Ueshiba
"You cannot push anyone up a ladder unless he is willing to climb a little himself." - Andrew Carnegie
"Why do you stay in prison when the door is so wide open?" - Rumi
"One of the first signs of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die. " - Franz Kafka
"Youth has no age." - Pablo Picasso
"Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later." - Og Mandino
"FOCUS - Follow One Course Until Successful" - Robert Kiyosaki
"Don't concern yourself with the money. Be of service. Build. Work. Dream. Create." - Earl Nightingale
"If you don't like something change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude about it. Don't complain." - Maya Angelou
"The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time." - Mark Twain
"The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"Every moment is a fresh beginning." - T.S. Eliot
"Never say never, because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion." - Michael Jordan
"Many roads lead to the path, but basically there are only two: reason and practice. " - Bodhidharma
"I dream my painting and I paint my dream." - Vincent van Gogh
"Live your life as an exclamation rather than an explanation." - Isaac Newton
"If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment." - Henry David Thoreau
"As a man thinketh in his heart, so shall he be." - James Allen
"Not everything that weighs you down is yours to carry." - Unknown
"Only he who has no use for the empire is fit to be entrusted with it." - Zhuangzi
"A flower falls, even though we love it; and a weed grows, even though we do not love it." - Dogen
"Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice." - Steve Jobs
"Nothing is more real than nothing." - Samuel Beckett
"Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day." - Paulo Coelho
"To be truly ignorant, be content with your own knowledge." - Zhuangzi
"Doubt is an uncomfortable condition, but certainty is a ridiculous one." - Voltaire
"Always try to be a little kinder than necessary." - James Matthew Barrie
"Be grateful for what you have now, and nothing should be taken for granted." - Roy T. Bennett
"Wisdom consists not so much in knowing what to do in the ultimate as knowing what to do next." - Herbert Hoover
"Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not." - George Bernard Shaw
"Mastery is not a function of genius or talent, it is a function of time and intense focus applied to a particular field of knowledge." - Robert Greene
"There is little success where there is little laughter." - Andrew Carnegie
"A fall into a ditch makes you wiser." - Chinese Proverb
"On the other side of the clouds is a bright blue sky." - Unknown
"Love is not about possession. Love is about appreciation." - Osho
"A man who acquires the ability to take full possession of his own mind may take possession of anything else to which he is justly entitled." - Andrew Carnegie
"Attitude drives actions. Actions drive results. Results drive lifestyles." - Jim Rohn
"No kind action ever stops with itself. One kind action leads to another. Good example is followed." - Amelia Earhart
"You drown not by falling into a river, but by staying submerged in it." - Paulo Coelho
"Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity." - Og Mandino
"Receive without complaint, Work with fate." - Ming-Dao Deng
"You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it." - Roy T. Bennett
"We lie the loudest when we lie to ourselves." - Eric Hoffer
"To escape from the world means that one's mind is not concerned with the opinions of the world." - Dogen
"People do not decide their futures, they decide their habits and their habits decide their futures." - Gary Keller
"To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy." - Sun Tzu
"Growing up is losing some illusions, in order to acquire others." - Virginia Woolf
"We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible." - Vince Lombardi
"If they wrote it to make money, don't read it." - Naval Ravikant
"There is no such thing as a great talent without great willpower." - Honore de Balzac
"Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything." - George Bernard Shaw
"The pen is the tongue of the mind. " - Miguel de Cervantes
"When it is dark enough, you can see the stars." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Never trust he who trusts everyone." - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. if you are at peace, you are living in the present." - Lao Tzu
"Every great change is preceded by chaos." - Deepak Chopra
"There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again." - Charles Dickens
"Freedom from desire leads to inner peace." - Lao Tzu
"If you want work well done, select a busy man; the other kind has no time." - Elbert Hubbard
"Love your enemies, for they tell you your faults." - Benjamin Franklin
"One mistake does not have to rule a person's entire life." - Joyce Meyer
"Any game becomes important when you know and love the players." - W.P. Kinsella
"Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion." - Rumi
"There is no excuse for not trying." - Barack Obama
"Passion is born deaf and dumb." - Honore de Balzac
"Through selfless service, you will always be fruitful and find the fulfillment of your desires." - Bhagavad Gita
"Outstanding people have one thing in common: an absolute sense of mission.  " - Zig Ziglar
"In life you need either inspiration or desperation." - Tony Robbins
"Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. " - Wayne Dyer
"One always begins to forgive a place as soon as it's left behind." - Charles Dickens
"Riches don't make a man rich, they only make him busier." - Christopher Columbus
"In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons. " - Herodotus
"If you set your goals ridiculously high and its a failure, you will fail above everyone elses success." - James Cameron
"Happiness depends upon ourselves." - Aristotle
"Don't ever save anything for a special occasion. Being alive is the special occasion." - Mary Engelbreit
"Whoever is happy will make others happy too." - Anne Frank
"Failure is the highway to success." - Og Mandino
"The things I carry are my thoughts. That's it. They are the only weight. My thoughts determine whether I am free and light or burdened." - Kamal Ravikant
"Get busy living, or get busy dying." - Stephen King
"Ripe fruit falls by itself - but it doesn't fall in your mouth. " - Chinese Proverb
"Awaken. Take heed, do not squander your life." - Dogen
"To be in harmony with the wholeness of things is not to have anxiety over imperfections." - Dogen
"True wealth is of the heart, not of the purse." - Og Mandino
"Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any." - Thomas Jefferson
"A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step." - Lao Tzu
"Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine." - Roy T. Bennett
"The most efficient way of rendering the poor harmless is to teach them to want to imitate the rich." - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"Reflect upon your present blessings of which every man has many - not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some." - Charles Dickens
"No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man." - Heraclitus
"You are free, and that is why you are lost." - Franz Kafka
"Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years." - Richard Bach
"You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. " - Jack London
"If there's a definition of freedom, I think it's this: living life on your terms." - Kamal Ravikant
"I pay attention to every minute of the day." - Steve Harvey
"Few things are more deceptive than memories." - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"Preoccupied with a single leaf you won't see the tree." - Unknown
"It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving." - Mother Teresa
"So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Trust, but verify." - Ronald Reagan
"Be approximately right rather than exactly wrong." - John Tukey
"Having lots of money while not having inner peace is like dying of thirst while bathing in the ocean." - Paramahansa Yogananda
"The secret of getting started is breaking your complex, overwhelming tasks into small manageable tasks, and then starting on the first one." - Mark Twain
"None but ourselves can free our minds." - Bob Marley
"Heroes don't need to talk about what they did." - W.P. Kinsella
"A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"There are more quarrels smothered by just shutting your mouth, and holding it shut, than by all the wisdom in the world." - Henry Ward Beecher
"A day without laughter is a day wasted." - Charlie Chaplin
"A vital part of the happiness formula is self-discipline. Whoever conquers himself knows deep happiness that fills the heart with joy." - Norman Vincent Peale
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"No matter who you are, we're creatures of habit. The better your habits are, the better they will be in pressure situations." - Wayne Gretzky
"There is no greatness where there is not simplicity, goodness, and truth." - Leo Tolstoy
"People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care." - Theodore Roosevelt
"I was angered, for I had no shoes. Then I met a man who had no feet. " - Chinese Proverb
"Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway." - Earl Nightingale
"Numbing the pain for a while will only make it worse when you finally feel it." - Albus Dumbledore
"The more often a stupidity is repeated, the more it gets the appearance of wisdom." - Voltaire
"It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows." - Epictetus
"The golden opportunity you are seeking is in yourself. It is not in your environment; it is not in luck or chance, or the help of others; it is in yourself alone. " - Orison Swett Marden
"The content of your character is your choice. Day by day, what you choose, what you think and what you do is who you become." - Heraclitus
"The prettiest eyes have cried the most." - Unknown
"To be angry is to revenge the faults of others on ourselves." - Alexander Pope
"The less you try to impress, the more peaceful you can be." - Maxime Lagace
"Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner." - Lao Tzu
"Success is not to be pursued, it is to be attracted by the person you become." - Jim Rohn
"You are the average of the five people you spend most time with." - Jim Rohn
"Even though you are on the right track - you will get run over if you just sit there." - Will Rogers
"It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends." - Albus Dumbledore
"The most effective way to do it, is to do it." - Amelia Earhart
"The important thing is not what one is born with but what use one makes of that equipment." - Alfred Adler
"Lust, anger and greed are the three gates to self-destructive hell." - Bhagavad Gita
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"From the errors of others, a wise man corrects his own." - Publilius Syrus
"If someone betrays you once, it's their fault; if they betray you twice, it's your fault." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Darkness is the absence of light." - Kamal Ravikant
"The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us." - Voltaire
"Fear can hold you prisoner. Hope can set you free." - Stephen King
"Character is doing what you don't want to do but know you should do." - Joyce Meyer
"The fact of the matter is that there will be nothing learned from any challenge in which we don't try our hardest." - Josh Waitzkin
"Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do. " - Voltaire
"Forget mistakes. Forget failure. Forget everything except what you are going to do now and do it. Today is your lucky day!" - Og Mandino
"Believe in one thing too much and you have no room for new ideas.  " - Ray Bradbury
"When meditation is mastered, the mind is unwavering like the flame of a lamp in a windless place." - Bhagavad Gita
"You can often change your circumstances by changing your attitude." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Stress happens when the mind resists what is." - Dan Millman
"Living a life that has a greater purpose and living up to it is the ultimate degree that we should strive for." - Gurbaksh Chahal
"The best fighter is never angry." - Lao Tzu
"Tis not too late to seek a newer world." - Heraclitus
"Nothing good ever comes of violence." - Martin Luther
"Actions are the seeds of fate. Deeds grow into destiny." - Harry S. Truman
"The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear. " - Brian Tracy
"If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration. " - Nikola Tesla
"The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible." - Winston Churchill
"There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them." - Denis Waitley
"The way to change others' minds is with affection, and not anger." - Dalai Lama
"Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work." - Aristotle
"A good character is the best tombstone. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble." - Charles Spurgeon
"Those who are possessed by nothing possess everything." - Morihei Ueshiba
"The most creative act you will ever undertake is the act of creating yourself." - Deepak Chopra
"Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day." - Roy T. Bennett
"If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion." - Dalai Lama
"Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference." - Robert Frost
"The more something threatens your identity, the more you will avoid it." - Mark Manson
"Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted." - John Lennon
"Common sense is not so common. " - Voltaire
"Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't going away." - Elvis Presley
"You were born to win, but to be a winner you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win." - Zig Ziglar
"Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers." - Tony Robbins
"Many a man has failed because he had his wishbone where his backbone should have been." - Ronald Reagan
"It is far easier to start something than it is to finish it." - Amelia Earhart
"Knowledge has to be improved, challenged, and increased constantly, or it vanishes." - Peter Drucker
"The heart wants what it wants. There's no logic. " - Woody Allen
"Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment." - Rita Mae Brown
"Only in the agony of parting do we look into the depths of love." - George Eliot
"We create the world and ourselves;" - Ming-Dao Deng
"Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind." - Dr. Seuss
"The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing." - Albert Einstein
"If you want peace, accept. If you want suffering, expect." - Maxime Lagace
"Respect is earned by effort not age, all things age without effort." - C. Sean McGee
"Thinking will not overcome fear but action will. " - W. Clement Stone
"It's easy to be a critic, but being a doer requires effort, risk, and change.  " - Wayne Dyer
"Learn only how to avoid seeking for and attaching yourselves to anything." - Huang Po
"Wake up and smile! Wake up and be grateful!" - Steve Harvey
"The river that flows in you also flows in me." - Kabir
"Your mind is infinite, it's your doubts that are limiting." - Robert Kiyosaki
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." - Dale Carnegie
"Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions." - Albert Einstein
"Courage is not having the strength to go on; it is going on when you don't have the strength." - Theodore Roosevelt
"If you let your head get too big, it'll break your neck." - Elvis Presley
"You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try." - Beverly Sills
"Men trust their ears less than their eyes." - Herodotus
"Walk slowly but never walk backward." - Unknown
"I will not walk backward in life." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Every traveler has a home of his own, and he learns to appreciate it the more from his wandering." - Charles Dickens
"Nothing is easier than fault finding." - Og Mandino
"Having an open mind is one of the most important qualities we can possess. Once our minds close, we stop evolving." - Yanni
"The less you open your heart to others, the more your heart suffers." - Deepak Chopra
"Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become reality." - Earl Nightingale
"First comes the shy wish. Then you must have the heart to have the dream. Then, you work, and work.  " - Estee Lauder
"Life is ten percent what you experience and ninety percent how you respond to it." - Unknown
"Relax. Nothing is under control." - Adi Da Samraj
"To be able to forget means sanity." - Jack London
"Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you." - Richard Bach
"Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are." - Roy T. Bennett
"The greatest value of a picture is when it forces us to notice what we never expected to see." - John Tukey
"It doesn't matter if the glass is half empty or half full. Be grateful you have a glass - you're the only person that can decide what's in it." - Gurbaksh Chahal
"It's your life; you don't need someone's permission to live the life you want. Be brave to live from your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
"Believe you can and you will be halfway there." - Lolly Daskal
"Deeds will not be less valiant because they are upraised." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"If you try, you might get exactly what you want. If you don't, you don't." - Unknown
"He who loses wealth loses much; he who loses a friend loses more; but he that loses his courage loses all." - Miguel de Cervantes
"Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence." - Aristotle
"The only way round is through." - Robert Frost
"The less people know, the more stubbornly they know it." - Osho
"Whenever you do a thing, act as if all the world were watching." - Thomas Jefferson
"The power to make and break habits and learning how to do that is really important." - Naval Ravikant
"I believe that potential is unlimited - success depends on daring to act on dreams.   " - Estee Lauder
"The more you are grateful for what you have the more you will have to be grateful for.  " - Zig Ziglar
"If the happiness and prosperity of other people depend on you, you have nothing to fear anymore." - Robert Greene
"The purpose of life is to contribute in some way to making things better." - Robert F. Kennedy
"If no one ever broke the rules, then we'd never advance." - Simon Sinek
"Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option." - Mark Twain
"Life goes by fast. Enjoy it. Calm down. It's all funny." - Joan Rivers
"Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something." - Plato
"Every moment you get is a gift. Spend it on things that matter. Don't spend it by dwelling on unhappy things." - Celestine Chua
"The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one." - Elbert Hubbard
"Remain calm. Be kind." - Colin Powell
"Turn your wounds into wisdom. " - Oprah Winfrey
"Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers." - Voltaire
"Talk does not cook rice." - Chinese Proverb
"Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet." - Aristotle
"As long as a human being worries about when he will die, and what he has that is his, all of his works are zero." - Kabir
"There is nothing quite so tragic as a young cynic." - Maya Angelou
"Experience is a comb which nature gives us when we are bald. " - Chinese Proverb
"The pursuit of mastery bears gifts. " - Gary Keller
"Know the rules well, so you can break them effectively." - Dalai Lama
"If we are honest with ourselves, most of us will have to admit that we live out our lives in an ocean of fear." - Jon Kabat-Zinn
"I love fools' experiments. I am always making them." - Charles Darwin
"When you want to be honored by others, you learn to honor them first." - Sathya Sai Baba
"Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely." - William Faulkner
"Before anything else, preparation is the key to success." - Alexander Graham Bell
"No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it." - Albert Einstein
"Imagination means nothing without doing.  " - Charlie Chaplin
"Routine life is unbearable, and most people only think about how to escape into the world of fantasy and dreams." - Robert Greene
"All happiness depends on courage and work." - Honore de Balzac
"Conscience is a dog that does not stop us from passing but that we cannot prevent from barking." - Nicolas Chamfort
"Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know." - Pema Chodron
"If you want to see things just as they are, then you yourself must practice just as you are." - Dogen
"Among the things you can give and still keep are your word, a smile, and a grateful heart." - Zig Ziglar
"Live calmly. The time will come when the flowers bloom by themselves." - Zen Proverb
"You are not only responsible for what you say, but also for what you do not say. " - Martin Luther
"Anything becomes interesting if you look at it long enough.." - Gustave Flaubert
"Decide what your truth is. Then live it." - Kamal Ravikant
"Resentment or grudges do no harm to the person against whom you hold these feelings but every day and every night of your life, they are eating at you." - Norman Vincent Peale
"If anything is worth doing, do it with all your heart." - Buddha
"The meaning of life is that it stops." - Franz Kafka
"Acknowledging the good that you already have in your life is the foundation for all abundance." - Eckhart Tolle
"If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem." - Richard Bach
"People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it." - George Bernard Shaw
"You don't need to be better than anyone else, you just need to be better than you used to be." - Wayne Dyer
"Instead of thinking outside the box, get rid of the box." - Deepak Chopra
"Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.  " - Bruce Lee
"Be where your enemy is not." - Sun Tzu
"The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life." - Roy T. Bennett
"The day is for honest men, the night for thieves." - Euripides
"Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen." - Michael Jordan
"Most people achieved their greatest success one step beyond what looked like their greatest failure." - Brian Tracy
"Without the rain there would be no rainbow." - Gilbert Chesterton
"Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
"If you pray for rain, be prepared to deal with some mud." - Mary Engelbreit
"The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said." - Peter Drucker
"Love doesn't need reason. It speaks from the irrational wisdom of the heart." - Deepak Chopra
"Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts. " - Paramahansa Yogananda
"Life can be the scariest and most beautiful thing simultaneously." - Maxime Lagace
"I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear." - Nelson Mandela
"Education breeds confidence. Confidence breeds hope. Hope breeds peace." - Confucius
"You can not live your life just based on what everyone else thinks." - Joyce Meyer
"I must also have a dark side if I am to be whole." - Carl Jung
"Manifest plainness, embrace simplicity, reduce selfishness, have few desires." - Lao Tzu
"Yesterday is but today's memory, tomorrow is today's dream." - Kahlil Gibran
"Never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience." - Mark Twain
"Society is composed of two great classes those who have more dinners than appetite, and those who have more appetite than dinners." - Nicolas Chamfort
"If you want to feel happy, do something for yourself. If you want to feel fulfilled, do something for someone else." - Simon Sinek
"Even when you think you have your life all mapped out, things happen that shape your destiny in ways you might never have imagined." - Deepak Chopra
"Don't stumble over something that's behind you." - Steve Harvey
"Short cuts make long delays." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Your greatest asset is your earning ability. Your greatest resource is your time." - Brian Tracy
"No man is happy who does not think himself so." - Norman Vincent Peale
"When you move beyond your fear, you feel free." - Spencer Johnson
"Things do not have meaning. We assign meaning to everything." - Tony Robbins
"Winners are not people who never fail, but people who never quit." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Be of good cheer about death, and know this of a truth, that no evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death." - Socrates
"People have the illusion that all over the world, all the time, all kinds of fantastic things are happening." - David Brinkley
"Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light." - Helen Keller
"Life is a question and how we live it is our answer." - Gary Keller
"A goal is a dream with a deadline." - Napoleon Hill
"It is what we make out of what we have, not what we are given, that separates one person from another." - Nelson Mandela
"You don't know who is important to you until you actually lose them." - Mahatma Gandhi
"If you don't find the time, if you don't do the work, you don't get the results." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Mistakes are painful when they happen, but years later a collection of mistakes is what is called experience." - Denis Waitley
"You have the freedom to be yourself, your true self, here and now, and nothing can stand in your way." - Richard Bach
"Never to suffer would never to have been blessed." - Edgar Allan Poe
"Change is never easy, but always possible." - Barack Obama
"The first half of life is devoted to forming a healthy ego, the second half is going inward and letting go of it." - Carl Jung
"Don't waste time on excuses. Just get it done." - Ralph Marston
"I can never decide whether my dreams are the result of my thoughts or my thoughts the result of my dreams." - D. H. Lawrence
"Tradition is the illusion of permanence. " - Woody Allen
"Giving is the secret of a healthy life. Not necessarily money, but whatever a person has of encouragement, sympathy and understanding." - John D. Rockefeller
"Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others." - Buddha
"To seek greatness is the only righteous vengeance." - Criss Jami
"Change is inevitable but personal growth is a choice." - Bob Proctor
"When the time is gone, you can never get it back." - Stephen King
"Admire as much as you can. Most people do not admire enough." - Vincent van Gogh
"It's better to have a short life that is full of what you like doing, than a long life spent in a miserable way." - Alan Watts
"Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on." - Les Brown
"Don't measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should have accomplished with your ability." - John Wooden
"In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"If you try to micromanage yourself all you're going to do is make yourself miserable." - Naval Ravikant
"Laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies, but let wasps and hornets break through." - Jonathan Swift
"If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people." - Virginia Woolf
"Live simply, expect little, give much." - Norman Vincent Peale
"People are weird. When we find someone with weirdness that is compatible with ours, we team up and call it love." - Dr. Seuss
"Desire for the fruits of work must never be your motive in working." - Bhagavad Gita
"Life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change." - Jim Rohn
"Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain." - Lily Tomlin
"The man who moved the mountain was the one who began carrying away the smallest stones." - Zen Proverb
"Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless." - Gilbert Chesterton
"If you realize that you're the problem, then you can change yourself, learn something and grow wiser. Don't blame other people for your problems." - Robert Kiyosaki
"He who fails to plan, plans to fail." - Unknown
"People think you're crazy if you talk about things they don't understand." - Elvis Presley
"By perseverance the snail reached the ark." - Charles Spurgeon
"Genius, in truth, means little more than the faculty of perceiving in an unhabitual way." - William James
"Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Happiness is pretty simple: someone to love, something to do, something to look forward to." - Rita Mae Brown
"Believe and you're halfway there." - Harry S. Truman
"Life comes at us in waves. We can't predict or control those waves, but we can learn to surf." - Dan Millman
"Art, like morality, consists of drawing the line somewhere." - Gilbert Chesterton
"The truth is simple. If it was complicated, everyone would understand it." - Walt Whitman
"Keep true. Never be ashamed of doing right. Decide what you think is right and stick to it." - George Eliot
"To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to." - Kahlil Gibran
"It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities." - Eric Hoffer
"Great loves too must be endured." - Coco Chanel
"Difficult and meaningful will always bring more satisfaction than easy and meaningless." - Maxime Lagace
"Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy." - Norman Vincent Peale
"A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life." - Roy T. Bennett
"If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love." - Maya Angelou
"Dreams provide nourishment for the soul, just as a meal does for the body." - Paulo Coelho
"Don't wait for the right opportunity: create it." - George Bernard Shaw
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever." - Mahatma Gandhi
"There is no path to Happiness. Happiness is the path." - Dan Millman
"We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean. But the ocean would be less because of that missing drop." - Mother Teresa
"Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale." - Hans Christian Andersen
"It's better to stand by someone's side than by yourself." - Jack London
"Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness." - Steve Maraboli
"Make each day a new horizon." - Christopher McCandless
"All that a man achieves and all that he fails to achieve is the direct result of his own thoughts." - James Allen
"The Only Thing That Is Constant Is Change" - Heraclitus
"Life is a constant series of opportunities." - Ming-Dao Deng
"Nearly every crisis seems to be the worst one, but after it's over, it isn't so bad." - Harry S. Truman
"Don't live the same year 75 times and call it a life." - Robin Sharma
"Love the life you live, live the life you love." - Bob Marley
"What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly." - Richard Bach
"In order for you to be the BEST you can be for others, first you must be BEST for yourself." - Jeffrey Gitomer
"When you say yes to change, you are choosing to navigate that path peacefully and happily and see where it takes you." - Sonia Ricotti
"He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at." - Epictetus
"Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak." - Sun Tzu
"For your life to be great, your faith must be bigger than your fear." - Robin Sharma
"No matter what happens in life, never lose sight of who you are." - Yanni
"If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading." - Lao Tzu
"Expect the best of yourself, and then do what is necessary to make it a reality." - Ralph Marston
"To himself everyone is immortal; he may know that he is going to die, but he can never know he is dead." - Samuel Butler
"He who has overcome his fears will truly be free." - Aristotle
"Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. " - Confucius
"If you cling to a certain thought with dynamic will power, it finally assumes a tangible outward form." - Paramahansa Yogananda
"No one can hurt you without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Enthusiasm makes up for a host of deficiencies." - Barack Obama
"Being in a good frame of mind helps keep one in the picture of health." - Unknown
"The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things." - Henry Ward Beecher
"Creative people are often found either disagreeable or intimidating by mediocrities." - Criss Jami
"It ain't where you start in life, it's where you end up, and what you did along the way." - Colin Powell
"Everything that is made beautiful and fair and lovely is made for the eye of one who sees." - Rumi
"Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future." - Earl Nightingale
"I enjoy life when things are happening. I don't care if it's good things or bad things. That means you're alive." - Joan Rivers
"The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place." - George Bernard Shaw
"Only when one allows themself the right to die, do they then give yourself the permission to live." - C. Sean McGee
"One loses many laughs by not laughing at oneself." - Mary Engelbreit
"Every failure brings with it the seed of an equivalent success." - Napoleon Hill
"Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I'm possible!'" - Audrey Hepburn
"There is no value in anything until it is finished. " - Genghis Khan
"Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy." - Isaac Newton
"Think and wonder, wonder and think." - Dr. Seuss
"To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction." - Isaac Newton
"We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations. " - Charles Swindoll
"Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks." - Herodotus
"You are a function of what the whole universe is doing in the same way that a wave is a function of what the whole ocean is doing." - Alan Watts
"All things come into being by conflict of opposites." - Heraclitus
"The ego wants to go fast. The soul needs to go slow." - Maxime Lagace
"My guiding principle is this: Guilt is never to be doubted. " - Franz Kafka
"You change the world by being yourself." - Yoko Ono
"Your business is not to 'get somewhere' - it is to be here." - Dan Millman
"We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. " - Oscar Wilde
"There's more to life than being a passenger." - Amelia Earhart
"Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness. " - Chinese Proverb
"If life is a video game, the graphics are great, but the plot is confusing and the tutorial is way too long." - Elon Musk
"The birth of the mind is the death of the senses." - Dan Millman
"You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you." - Brian Tracy
"A thing must be loved before it is lovable." - Gilbert Chesterton
"You don't have to control your thoughts; you just have to stop letting them control you." - Dan Millman
"All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Life must be a constant education; one must learn everything, from speaking to dying." - Gustave Flaubert
"Better the cottage where one is merry than the palace where one weeps." - Chinese Proverb
"Sometimes it is harder to deprive oneself of a pain than of a pleasure." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Success in any endeavor depends on the degree to which it is an expression of your true self. " - Ralph Marston
"Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible." - Dalai Lama
"In nature there is no alienation. Everything belongs." - Ming-Dao Deng
"Adults are just children who earn money." - Kenneth Branagh
"The impossible can always be broken down into possibilities." - Unknown
"Success is good at any age, but the sooner you find it, the longer you will enjoy it." - Napoleon Hill
"What have you done today to make someone else happy?" - Deepam Chaterjee
"Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done." - Marilyn Monroe
"The scariest moment is always just before you start. After that, things can only get better." - Stephen King
"No man is happy unless he believes he is." - Publilius Syrus
"Rest when you're weary. Refresh and renew yourself, your body, your mind, your spirit. Then get back to work." - Ralph Marston
"The past is history. It no longer exists, but you are keeping it alive in your mind through your thoughts.  Let it go. It is not serving you." - Sonia Ricotti
"To travel is to be alive, but to get somewhere is to be dead." - Alan Watts
"Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice. " - Henry Ford
"When angry count to ten before you speak. If very angry, count to one hundred." - Thomas Jefferson
"Stay away from people who makes you feel like you are wasting their time." - Paulo Coelho
"Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means." - Ronald Reagan
"To love means loving the unlovable." - Gilbert Chesterton
"Success is within the reach of just about everyone." - Lolly Daskal
"Death is not sad; the sad thing is that most people don't really live at all." - Dan Millman
"A clear conscience never fears midnight knocking." - Chinese Proverb
"Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune or temporary defeat." - Napoleon Hill
"The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people." - Theodore Roosevelt
"A needle is not sharp at both ends. " - Chinese Proverb
"Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light." - Albus Dumbledore
"The primary point of this existence is to live, and all living things move and grow." - Ming-Dao Deng
"If you truly expect something to be difficult, it will be." - Peter A. Cohen
"What the eye doesn't see and the mind doesn't know, doesn't exist." - D. H. Lawrence
"Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people." - Roy T. Bennett
"Do not look for a sanctuary in anyone except your self." - Buddha
"You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." - A.A. Milne
"Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are." - Roy T. Bennett
"The one who praises you is a thief. The one who criticizes you is your true friend." - Seungsahn
"Take interest and even delight in doing the small things well." - Jim Rohn
"The journey, not the destination matters." - T.S. Eliot
"Your neighbor is the man who needs you." - Elbert Hubbard
"The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it." - James Matthew Barrie
"Take away love and our earth is a tomb." - Robert Browning
"Make your stand today. On this spot. On this day." - Ming-Dao Deng
"I don't pretend to know everything; I just only speak on matters I know I'll win." - Criss Jami
"You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway." - Steve Maraboli
"You are always your own best guru, your own best teacher, the answers are always inside you." - Sathya Sai Baba
"It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power!" - Robert Kiyosaki
"An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises." - Mae West
"When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying." - Roy T. Bennett
"Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"Life begins where fear ends." - Osho
"Success is about doing the right thing, not about doing everything right." - Gary Keller
"Why fit in when you were born to stand out?" - Dr. Seuss
"No matter how much preparation we do, in the real tests of our lives, we'll be in unfamiliar terrain." - Josh Waitzkin
"Heart is what separates the good from the great." - Michael Jordan
"Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them, humanity cannot survive." - Dalai Lama
"The more you know, the more you know you don't know." - Aristotle
"Even if you're sure you can win, be careful that you can live with what you lose." - Gary Keller
"Success is built sequentially. It's one thing at a time." - Gary Keller
"Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody." - Mark Twain
"There are two kinds of perfect people: those who are dead, and those who have not been born yet." - Chinese Proverb
"Shoot for the moon, because even if you miss, you'll land among the stars." - Les Brown
"Better to die fighting for freedom than be a prisoner all the days of your life." - Bob Marley
"Change yourself - you are in control." - Mahatma Gandhi
"an action committed in anger is an action doomed to failure. " - Genghis Khan
"If it is not right, do not do it, if it is not true, do not say it." - Marcus Aurelius
"Don't seek, don't search, don't ask, don't knock, don't demand - relax." - Osho
"One of the most difficult things is not to change society - but to change yourself." - Nelson Mandela
"Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow." - Unknown
"Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished." - Lao Tzu
"Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity." - Oprah Winfrey
"Success is an iceberg." - Unknown
"You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Your best life will not be found in comfort. It will be found in fighting for what you believe in." - Maxime Lagace
"Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles." - Charlie Chaplin
"You can calculate the worth of a man by the number of his enemies." - Gustave Flaubert
"Often we pass beside happiness without seeing it, without looking at it, or even if we have seen and looked at it, without recognizing it." - Alexandre Dumas
"Till it has loved, no man or woman can become itself." - Emily Dickinson
"Whatever you do,strive to do it so well that no man living and no man dead and no man yet to be born could do it any better." - Benjamin Mays
"It is your attitude, not your aptitude, that determines your altitude." - Zig Ziglar
"The ability to hold two competing thoughts in one's mind and still be able to function is the mark of a superior mind." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"If you only knew the magnificence of the 3, 6, and 9, then you would have a key to the universe." - Nikola Tesla
"In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different." - Coco Chanel
"All human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes." - Andrew Carnegie
"What's obvious to you isn't obvious to most people. Operate from this perspective and you'll help more people." - Jack Butcher
"It is only depth of character that determines the profundity with which we face life." - Ming-Dao Deng
"Positive thinking can be contagious. Being surrounded by winners helps you develop into a winner." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Power is not what we do but what we do not - hasty and unwise actions that we repeat every day and which ultimately bring us into trouble." - Robert Greene
"A person hears only what they understand." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Courage Is a Love Affair with the Unknown" - Osho
"To injure an opponent is to injure yourself. To control aggression without inflicting injury is the Art of Peace." - Morihei Ueshiba
"Through discipline comes freedom." - Aristotle
"If you put water into a cup, it becomes the cup." - Bruce Lee
"My instinct is always to seek out challenges as opposed to avoiding them." - Josh Waitzkin
"A mountain never yields to the wind no matter how strong it is." - Zen Proverb
"Wise people, even though all laws were abolished, would still lead the same life." - Aristophanes
"Where there's life, there's hope." - Stephen Hawking
"Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy." - Wayne Gretzky
"You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated." - Maya Angelou
"There is nothing like looking if you want to find something." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"The world is a puzzle; no need to make sense out of it." - Socrates
"Winners don't Quit. That's why they Win." - Unknown
"Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable. " - Denis Waitley
"You don't earn loyalty in a day. You earn loyalty day-by-day." - Jeffrey Gitomer
"Making your mark on the world is hard. If it were easy, everybody would do it." - Barack Obama
"Out of your vulnerabilities will come your strength." - Sigmund Freud
"The future depends on what you do today. " - Mahatma Gandhi
"If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through." - Chinese Proverb
"Do not believe that you will reach your destination without leaving the shore. " - Chinese Proverb
"There can be no greater gift than that of giving one's time and energy to help others without expecting anything in return." - Nelson Mandela
"You have to accept whatever comes, and the only important thing is that you meet it with the best you have to give." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud." - Maya Angelou
"We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness inside that holds whatever we want." - Lao Tzu
"Words without actions are the assassins of idealism." - Herbert Hoover
"If you want to keep your memories, you first have to live them." - Bob Dylan
"Behind every cloud is another cloud." - Judy Garland
"It is easy to love your friend, but sometimes the hardest lesson to learn is to love your enemy." - Sun Tzu
"Intelligence, imagination, and knowledge are essential resources, but only effectiveness converts them into results." - Peter Drucker
"He who is untrue to his own cause cannot command the respect of others." - Albert Einstein
"Discontent is the first necessity of progress." - Thomas Edison
"Life reflects your own thoughts back to you." - Napoleon Hill
"Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work." - Gustave Flaubert
"Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting." - Napoleon Hill
"You are your best thing." - Toni Morrison
"Do not be awe struck by other people and try to copy them. Nobody can be you as efficiently as you can." - Norman Vincent Peale
"Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit." - Vince Lombardi
"If there is a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it." - Toni Morrison
"Always focus on the front windshield and not the rear view mirror." - Colin Powell
"A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way." - Unknown
"Absorb what is useful, discard what is useless and add what is specifically your own.  " - Bruce Lee
"Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise." - Sigmund Freud
"It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog." - Mark Twain
"You don't have to move mountains. You'll change the world simply by being a warm, kind-hearted human being." - Anita Krizzan
"Life is simply what our feelings do to us." - Honore de Balzac
"You are not one person, but three: The one you think you are; The one others think you are; The one you really are." - Sathya Sai Baba
"While some of us act without thinking, too many of us think without acting." - Dan Millman
"Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Wealth is the product of man's capacity to think." - Ayn Rand
"If you see yourself as prosperous, you will be." - Robert Collier
"The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." - Mark Twain
"Someday death will take us to another star." - Vincent van Gogh
"Where there is anger, there is always pain underneath." - Eckhart Tolle
"The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell." - Andrew Carnegie
"Without education, we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously." - Gilbert Chesterton
"Beware of false knowledge, it is more dangerous than ignorance." - George Bernard Shaw
"Men do not attract which they want but that which they are." - James Allen
"People who avoid failure also avoid success." - Robert Kiyosaki
"Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.  " - Bruce Lee
"Change is hardest at the beginning, messiest in the middle and best at the end." - Robin Sharma
"Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday." - Brian Tracy
"What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?" - George Eliot
"You have to keep breaking your heart until it opens." - Rumi
"Tomorrow is only found in the calendar of fools." - Og Mandino
"Hope is not a strategy. Luck is not a factor. Fear is not an option." - James Cameron
"Embody what you teach, and teach only what you have embodied." - Dan Millman
"Failure is an option here. If things are not failing, you are not innovating enough." - Elon Musk
"We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"If you don't break your ropes while you're alive, do you think ghosts will do it after?" - Kabir
"No matter what happens, always be yourself." - Dale Carnegie
"For changes to be of any true value, they've got to be lasting and consistent." - Tony Robbins
"You may think I'm small, but I have a universe inside my mind." - Yoko Ono
"The source of a true smile is an awakened mind." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen." - Winston Churchill
"The dreamers are the saviors of the worlds." - James Allen
"Thought is so cunning, so clever, that it distorts everything for its own convenience." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"You are free, and that is why you are lost. " - Franz Kafka
"Productize your perspective." - Jack Butcher
"Those who know, do. Those that understand, teach." - Aristotle
"A man with outward courage dares to die: a man with inner courage dares to live." - Lao Tzu
"Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great." - Niccolo Machiavelli
"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle." - Plato
"Life is too short to waste your time on people who don't respect, appreciate, and value you." - Roy T. Bennett
"There are only encounters in history. There are no accidents." - Pablo Picasso
"We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey." - Kenji Miyazawa
"It's wise to tell the truth. It's even wiser to tell it kindly." - Maxime Lagace
"Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored." - Earl Nightingale
"My powers are ordinary. Only my application brings me success." - Isaac Newton
"Everything is possible. The impossible just takes longer." - Dan Brown
"Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul." - Henry Ward Beecher
"When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go." - Carol Burnett
"Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." - Les Brown
"The more knowledge you have, the more you're free to rely on your instincts." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"The wise accomplish all that they want without arousing the envy or scorn of others." - Ming-Dao Deng
"In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity." - Sun Tzu
"Create with the heart; build with the mind." - Criss Jami
"It is truth that liberates, not your effort to be free." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"Why live an ordinary life, when you can live an extraordinary one." - Tony Robbins
"If you don't know, the thing to do is not to get scared, but to learn." - Ayn Rand
"Let each man exercise the art he knows." - Aristophanes
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
"All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Winning isn't always championships." - Michael Jordan
"Nothing will work unless you do." - Maya Angelou
"Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities. " - Voltaire
"You just can't beat the person who never gives up. " - Babe Ruth
"The best thing to hold onto in life is each other." - Audrey Hepburn
"Here and now...breathe and relax...in battle and in life." - Dan Millman
"The guest will judge better of a feast than the cook." - Aristotle
"Forever is composed of now's." - Emily Dickinson
"Every time we liberate a woman, we liberate a man. " - Margaret Mead
"If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and man." - Mark Twain
"What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything? " - Vincent van Gogh
"If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten." - Tony Robbins
"The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life." - Confucius
"Everything starts with a dream. A particle of our imagination that teases us of what the future could be like, as long as we fight for it." - Gurbaksh Chahal
"Welcome every morning with a smile. Look on the new day as another gift from your Creator, another golden opportunity." - Og Mandino
"Loyalty and devotion lead to bravery. Bravery leads to the spirit of self-sacrifice. The spirit of self-sacrifice creates trust in the power of love." - Morihei Ueshiba
"Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all." - Aristotle
"Optimism, when applied to your life, develops strength and peace within you." - Norman Vincent Peale
"A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with - a man is what he makes of himself." - Alexander Graham Bell
"The quality of your life is determined by the quality of your thoughts." - Unknown
"Greatest success comes just one step beyond the point at which defeat overtakes you." - Unknown
"Look to the beauty of this day, miracles are all around you." - Mary Engelbreit
"Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one's aim." - John D. Rockefeller
"Art is the signature of civilizations. " - Beverly Sills
"Winners never quit and quitters never win." - Vince Lombardi
"Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days." - Zig Ziglar
"The single most powerful asset we all have is our mind." - Robert Kiyosaki
"Every one of us is the sum total of his own thoughts." - Earl Nightingale
"There is a big difference between being centered and being self-centered." - Lolly Daskal
"The more something scares you, the more you should do it." - Mark Manson
"Do not fight with pigs - you will be smeared in mud but the pig will like it." - George Bernard Shaw
"Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much." - Helen Keller
"It is better to disappoint people with the truth than to appease them with a lie." - Simon Sinek
"Your heart is the size of an ocean. Go find yourself in its hidden depths." - Rumi
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." - Bruce Lee
"Every day is an opportunity to a make a new happy ending." - Jonathan Swift
"Don't be afraid of enemies who attack you. Be afraid of the friends who flatter you." - Dale Carnegie
"Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm" - Winston Churchill
"Successful people tend to become more successful because they are always thinking about their successes." - Brian Tracy
"The more acquaintances you have, the less you know them." - Chinese Proverb
"We may not be able to stop evil in the world, but how we treat one another is entirely up to us." - Barack Obama
"It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed." - Theodore Roosevelt
"A rational person can find peace by cultivating indifference to things outside of their control." - Naval Ravikant
"The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others." - Roy T. Bennett
"It doesn't matter how slow you go, as long as you don't stop." - Confucius
"Every day passes whether you participate or not." - Ming-Dao Deng
"Health is the greatest of all possessions." - Jonathan Swift
"When things go wrong, don't go with them." - Elvis Presley
"Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet. " - Bob Dylan
"Friendship is like money, easier made than kept." - Samuel Butler
"The more we value things, the less we value ourselves.  " - Bruce Lee
"Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without one." - Chinese Proverb
"Turn the pain into power." - Unknown
"We must have strong minds, ready to accept facts as they are." - Harry S. Truman
"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. " - Samuel Beckett
"Those who realize their folly are not true fools." - Zhuangzi
"Waste not fresh tears over old griefs." - Euripides
"People inspire you, or they drain you. Pick them wisely." - Les Brown
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - Les Brown
"To accomplish big things, I am convinced you must first dream big dreams." - Conrad Hilton
"The key to success is action." - Brian Tracy
"Everyday is a second chance." - Unknown
"Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go." - T.S. Eliot
"The future will be shaped by those willing to commit their minds and their bodies to the task." - Robert F. Kennedy
"Don't set your own goals by what other people make important." - Lolly Daskal
"Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves. " - Confucius
"The man who does not value himself, cannot value anything or anyone." - Ayn Rand
"The sun shines upon good and bad alike." - Hans Christian Andersen
"Identification with our mind causes thought to become compulsive." - Eckhart Tolle
"Many have died; you also will die. The drum of death is being beaten. The world has fallen in love with a dream. Only sayings of the wise will remain." - Kabir
"He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead; his eyes are closed. " - Albert Einstein
"Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day." - A.A. Milne
"The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Life can be wonderful if you're not afraid of it." - Charlie Chaplin
"To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Heaven is right where you are standing." - Morihei Ueshiba
"The best way to predict your future is to create it." - Abraham Lincoln
"I have never in my life learned anything from any man who agreed with me." - Dudley Field Malone
"Throughout this life, you can never be certain of living long enough to take another breath." - Huang Po
"Everything has beauty but not everyone sees it." - Confucius
"The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." - Ayn Rand
"Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion." - Jack Kerouac
"He who hesitates is a damned fool." - Mae West
"Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Change begets change. Nothing propagates so fast." - Charles Dickens
"I would rather be hated for who I am than loved for who I'm not.  " - Wayne Dyer
"You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him." - Simon Sinek
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." - Walt Disney
"The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go." - Steve Maraboli
"You can only be afraid of what you think you know." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"We have to walk in a way that we only print peace and serenity on the Earth. Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear." - Rumi
"Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact." - William James
"Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. " - Wayne Dyer
"The only time you run out of chances is when you stop taking them." - Unknown
"The greatest of empires, is the empire over one's self." - Publilius Syrus
"I would rather be a little nobody, then to be an evil somebody." - Abraham Lincoln
"Confidence is what you have before you understand the problem." - Woody Allen
"My mind seems to have become a kind of machine for grinding general laws out of large collections of facts." - Charles Darwin
"Pain doesn't last. And when it's gone, we have something to show for it. Growth." - Kamal Ravikant
"A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song." - Chinese Proverb
"You are the only real obstacle in your path to a fulfilling life." - Les Brown
"If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"We tend to live up to our expectations." - Earl Nightingale
"Some people find fault like there is a reward for it.  " - Zig Ziglar
"I am thankful to all those who said no. It's because of them, I did it myself.  " - Wayne Dyer
"Plants grow weak without wind." - Maxime Lagace
"It is not fair to ask of others what you are not willing to do yourself." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The Truth is realized in an instant; the Act is practiced step by step." - Seungsahn
"Instead of thinking about what you are going to do when you retire, think about how you can do that now and make a living from it." - Celestine Chua
"Have the courage to be ignorant of a great number of things, in order to avoid the calamity of being ignorant of everything." - Sydney Smith
"Change is hard at first, messy in the middle and gorgeous at the end." - Robin Sharma
"It's not whether you get knocked down, its whether you get back up." - Vince Lombardi
"In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher." - Dalai Lama
"The secret of success lies not in doing your own work, but in recognizing the right man to do it." - Andrew Carnegie
"Words are the clothing of our thoughts." - Jonathan Swift
"Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted. " - Denis Waitley
"If you want more luck, take more chances." - Brian Tracy
"Listen to what you know instead of what you fear." - Richard Bach
"Make your mind your own business." - Jack Butcher
"Realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have. " - Eckhart Tolle
"If it entertains you now but will bore you someday, it's a distraction. Keep looking." - Naval Ravikant
"Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." - Elbert Hubbard
"The fear of death is more to be feared, than death itself." - Publilius Syrus
"The ego wants comfort and certainty. The soul wants to live fully." - Maxime Lagace
"Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time." - Jim Rohn
"To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.  " - Audrey Hepburn
"There are dark shadows on the earth, but its lights are stronger in the contrast." - Charles Dickens
"Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself." - Roy T. Bennett
"Eighty percent of success is showing up. " - Woody Allen
"If ever you feel like an animal among men, be a lion." - Criss Jami
"The merit of all things lies in their difficulty." - Alexandre Dumas
"Even a hare will bite when it is cornered. " - Chinese Proverb
"I don't walk away from things that I think are unfinished." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Happiness is the absence of the striving for happiness." - Zhuangzi
"Learning never exhausts the mind. " - Leonardo da Vinci
"Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts." - John Wooden
"Only by acceptance of the past, can you alter it." - T.S. Eliot
"What worries you, masters you." - John Locke
"It is very obvious that we are not influenced by 'facts' but by our interpretation of the facts." - Alfred Adler
"Never regret your past. Rather, embrace it as the teacher that it is." - Robin Sharma
"Life moves on and so should we." - Spencer Johnson
"A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.  " - Bruce Lee
"A fool sees himself as another, but a wise man sees others as himself." - Dogen
"Life is a challenge, meet it! Life is a dream, realize it! Life is a game, play it! Life is love, enjoy it!" - Sathya Sai Baba
"Cultivate the merry heart, develop the happiness habit, and life will become a continual feast." - Norman Vincent Peale
"You can start changing our world for the better daily, no matter how small the action." - Nelson Mandela
"Words are clothes that thoughts wear" - Samuel Butler
"Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more." - Mother Teresa
"When we allow negative messages to fester in our head, they take on a life of their own." - Lolly Daskal
"Every day is lost in which we do not learn something useful. Man has no nobler or more valuable possession than time." - Thomas Jefferson
"Believe nothing you hear, and only one half that you see." - Edgar Allan Poe
"Instead of being intimidated by the limitations, be inspired to find new ways around them." - Ralph Marston
"You are never too old to become younger." - Mae West
"Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck." - Dalai Lama
"High thoughts must have high language." - Aristophanes
"Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't." - Steve Maraboli
"In order to carry a positive action, we must develop here a positive vision." - Dalai Lama
"To forget the whole world is easy; to make the whole world forget you is hard." - Zhuangzi
"Inspire yourself to be great. Being good isn't good enough." - Gurbaksh Chahal
"Wisdom is doing now what you are going to be happy with later on." - Joyce Meyer
"Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe." - Abraham Lincoln
"Nothing ever happened in the past that can prevent you from being present now; and if the past cannot prevent you from being present now, what power does it have?" - Eckhart Tolle
"This is the real secret of life - to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play." - Alan Watts
"A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out." - Unknown
"The eyes of others our prisons; their thoughts our cages." - Virginia Woolf
"I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees." - Euripides
"Success is a consequence and must not be a goal." - Gustave Flaubert
"It is in the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has." - Henry Ward Beecher
"Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised. " - Denis Waitley
"When you have to make a choice and don't make it, that is in itself a choice." - William James
"There is no one giant step that does it. It's a lot of little steps." - Peter A. Cohen
"Contemplation often makes life miserable.  We should act more, think less, and stop watching ourselves live." - Nicolas Chamfort
"Become the kind of leader that people would follow voluntarily, even if you had no title or position." - Brian Tracy
"The only reason to be alive is to enjoy it." - Rita Mae Brown
"Leaders spend 5% of their time on the problem & 95% of their time on the solution. Get over it & crush it!" - Tony Robbins
"Associate with people who are likely to improve you.  " - Seneca
"If you do not get the chills when you set your goal you're not setting big enough goals." - Bob Proctor
"I am thankful to all who said no to me. It is because of them that I'm doing it myself." - Albert Einstein
"Life is trying things to see if they work." - Ray Bradbury
"It is secondary whether we choose belief or defiance. What is precious is that we are always able to choose." - Ming-Dao Deng
"it's important to make sure that we're talking with each other in a way that heals, not in a way that wounds." - Barack Obama
"The more you give, the more comes back to you." - Napoleon Hill
"You are what you believe yourself to be." - Paulo Coelho
"When you're the only sane person, you look like the only insane person." - Criss Jami
"Things cannot forever go downward. There are limits to everything—even the cold, and the darkness, and the wind, and the dying." - Ming-Dao Deng
"All know that the drop merges into the ocean, but few know that the ocean merges into the drop." - Kabir
"Being a good example is the best form of service." - Sathya Sai Baba
"Still your waters." - Josh Waitzkin
"The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work." - Richard Bach
"He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight." - Sun Tzu
"There is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good humor." - Charles Dickens
"Life is really simple, but men insist on making it complicated. " - Confucius
"We must be free not because we claim freedom, but because we practice it." - William Faulkner
"What a book a devil's chaplain might write on the clumsy, wasteful, blundering, low, and horribly cruel work of nature!" - Charles Darwin
"There are only two ways to live your life. One is as if nothing is a miracle. The other is as if everything is a miracle." - Albert Einstein
"The harder the conflict, the greater the triumph. " - George Washington
"How many times do you have to get hit over the head until you figure out who's hitting you?" - Harry S. Truman
"Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom." - Thomas Jefferson
"Only the educated are free." - Epictetus
"Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think." - Roy T. Bennett
"The older you get, the better you get. Unless you're a banana." - Betty White
"Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves." - James Matthew Barrie
"Closing your eyes and listening to silence is self-care." - Maxime Lagace
"What kills the creative force is not age or lack of talent, but our own spirit, our own attitude." - Robert Greene
"The measure of wisdom is how calm you are when facing any given situation." - Naval Ravikant
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you. " - Lao Tzu
"Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening." - Nelson Mandela
"The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart. " - St. Jerome
"Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadows." - Helen Keller
"Those who are enlightened never stop forging themselves." - Morihei Ueshiba
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." - Vidal Sassoon
"The greatest weariness comes from work not done." - Eric Hoffer
"Every blessing ignored becomes a curse." - Paulo Coelho
"There are no constraints on the human mind, no walls around the human spirit, no barriers to our progress except those we ourselves erect." - Ronald Reagan
"Always show more kindness than seems necessary because the person receiving it needs it more than you will ever know." - Colin Powell
"It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Everyone can rise above their circumstances and achieve success if they are dedicated to and passionate about what they do." - Nelson Mandela
"Don't listen to the person who has the answers; listen to the person who has the questions." - Albert Einstein
"Fools talk, cowards are silent, wise men listen." - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"The biggest room in the world is the room for improvement." - Unknown
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"An empty head is not really empty; it is stuffed with rubbish. Hence the difficulty of forcing anything into an empty head." - Eric Hoffer
"Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes." - Carl Jung
"The truth... It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution." - Albus Dumbledore
"Life is a series of choices and all we can do is make them." - Kamal Ravikant
"We must not sit down and wait for miracles. Up and be going!" - John Eliot
"Logic is like the sword - those who appeal to it shall perish by it." - Samuel Butler
"Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong." - Oscar Wilde
"Every experience is a lesson. Every loss is a gain." - Sathya Sai Baba
"If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative." - Woody Allen
"It's only after you've stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform." - Roy T. Bennett
"You need a plan to build a house. To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal." - Zig Ziglar
"Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame." - Alexander Pope
"The real meditation is how you live your life." - Jon Kabat-Zinn
"Life's too mysterious to take too serious." - Mary Engelbreit
"Let us rather run the risk of wearing out than rusting out." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The first thing you learn in life is you're a fool. The last thing you learn in life is you're the same fool.  " - Ray Bradbury
"Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them. You'll find they haven't half the strength you think they have." - Norman Vincent Peale
"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." - Pablo Picasso
"The Art of Peace begins with you." - Morihei Ueshiba
"No man can get rich himself unless he enriches others." - Earl Nightingale
"Follow the man who seeks the truth; run from the man who has found it." - Vaclav Havel
"Be content with what you have, rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you." - Lao Tzu
"Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night." - Vincent van Gogh
"The chief enemy of creativity is good sense." - Pablo Picasso
"When the world pushes you to your knees, you're in the perfect position to pray." - Rumi
"Meditate. It won't be fun but it will surface what you need to deal with." - Naval Ravikant
"It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one. " - George Washington
"You are not what you think you are, You are not what others think you are, You are what you think others think you are." - Unknown
"When uncomfortable, my instinct is not to avoid the discomfort but to become at peace with it." - Josh Waitzkin
"The golden opportunity you are seeking is within yourself." - Mary Engelbreit
"The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you." - Elbert Hubbard
"Our heart is a treasury; if you pour out all its wealth at once, you are bankrupt." - Honore de Balzac
"Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight." - Benjamin Franklin
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart." - Helen Keller
"Re-examine all that you have been told... dismiss that which insults your soul." - Walt Whitman
"Adversity is the tempering of one's mettle. Without it, we cannot know any true meaning in our accomplishments." - Ming-Dao Deng
"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
"What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve." - Norman Vincent Peale
"Youth ages, immaturity is outgrown, ignorance can be educated, and drunkenness sobered, but stupid lasts forever." - Aristophanes
"Sadness is but a wall between two gardens." - Kahlil Gibran
"You have a brain and mind of your own. Use it, and reach your own decisions." - Napoleon Hill
"Only the hand that erases can write the true thing." - Meister Eckhart
"Failure is feedback. Learn from it and move on." - Jack Butcher
"No one has ever become poor by giving." - Anne Frank
"Play your part in life, but never forget that it is only a role." - Paramahansa Yogananda
"When you realize you've made a mistake, take immediate steps to correct it." - Dalai Lama
"Everything you look at can become a fairy tale and you can get a story from everything you touch." - Hans Christian Andersen
"Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes." - Roy T. Bennett
"The time is always right to do what is right." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Never settle for the crumbs of life." - Og Mandino
"The major difference between the big shot and the little shot is the big shot is just a little shot who kept on shooting." - Zig Ziglar
"Each time we don't say what we wanna say, we're dying." - Yoko Ono
"Courage is fear that has said its prayers and decided to go forward anyway." - Joyce Meyer
"It is those who concentrate on but one thing at a time who advance in this world." - Gary Keller
"Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it. " - Confucius
"Be like a postage stamp. Stick to it until you get there." - Bob Proctor
"Realistic people do not accomplish extraordinary things." - John Eliot
"To be truly positive in the eyes of some, you have to risk appearing negative in the eyes of others." - Criss Jami
"You can't tell big dreams to small minded people." - Steve Harvey
"A good master leads you to the true master within. Only that master, who is your own higher self, can adequately answer all questions." - Ming-Dao Deng
"When one door closes another door opens. " - Alexander Graham Bell
"Life is love and love is life." - Elvis Presley
"Memory is the scribe of the soul." - Aristotle
"You're on earth. There's no cure for that." - Samuel Beckett
"Know your gifts and share them." - Les Brown
"To share your weakness is to make yourself vulnerable; to make yourself vulnerable is to show your strength." - Criss Jami
"You may delay, but time will not." - Benjamin Franklin
"The hard path is often the right one. The river teaches more than the shore." - Maxime Lagace
"The only normal people are the ones you don't know very well." - Alfred Adler
"Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
"A man that flies from his fear may find that he has only taken a short cut to meet it." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Live in each season as it passes; breathe the air, drink the drink, taste the fruit, and resign yourself to the influence of the earth." - Henry David Thoreau
"Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much. " - Oscar Wilde
"Until we can manage time, we can manage nothing else." - Peter Drucker
"No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now." - Alan Watts
"We need a backbone, not a wishbone." - Joyce Meyer
"Life is growth. If we stop growing, technically and spiritually, we are as good as dead." - Morihei Ueshiba
"It is often safer to be in chains than to be free. " - Franz Kafka
"Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win." - Sun Tzu
"Nourish the mind like you would your body. The mind cannot survive on junk food." - Brian Tracy
"When you stop questioning, you stop learning." - Lolly Daskal
"To do great work one must be very idle as well as very industrious." - Samuel Butler
"No man is free who is not master of himself." - Epictetus
"The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts; therefore guard accordingly." - Marcus Aurelius
"Wheels of justice grind slow but grind fine." - Sun Tzu
"Death smiles at us all. All we can do is smile back." - Marcus Aurelius
"We must not cease from exploration. And the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we began and to know the place for the first time." - T.S. Eliot
"Don't gain the world and lose your soul. Wisdom is better than silver and gold." - Bob Marley
"If you're afraid - don't do it, - if you're doing it - don't be afraid! " - Genghis Khan
"I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it." - Pablo Picasso
"I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past." - Thomas Jefferson
"The universe doesn't allow perfection." - Stephen Hawking
"There is no limitations except those we create for ourselves." - Lolly Daskal
"Make your life a mission - not an intermission." - Unknown
"The tragedy of life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goals to reach." - Benjamin Mays
"A strong man overcomes an obstacle, a wise man goes the whole way." - Zen Proverb
"Man's character is his fate." - Heraclitus
"When you reach the top of the mountain, keep climbing. " - Zen Proverb
"The sculptor produces the beautiful statue by chipping away such parts of the marble block as are not needed - it is a process of elimination." - Elbert Hubbard
"Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, 'What's in it for me?'" - Brian Tracy
"You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible." - Les Brown
"The desire for more positive experience is itself a negative experience." - Mark Manson
"You never know when a moment and a few sincere words can have an impact on a life.  " - Zig Ziglar
"It is better to be looked over than overlooked." - Mae West
"Either get busy living or get busy dying." - Stephen King
"Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live." - Robert F. Kennedy
"Chase your passion, not your pension. " - Denis Waitley
"The best teacher is experience and not through someone's distorted point of view." - Jack Kerouac
"Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming." - John Wooden
"The only people without problems are those in cemeteries." - Tony Robbins
"Ask no questions, and you'll be told no lies." - Charles Dickens
"Nothing brings down walls as surely as acceptance." - Deepak Chopra
"You can have it all. You just can't have it all at once. " - Oprah Winfrey
"Don't be afraid that you do not know something. Be afraid of not learning about it." - Zen Proverb
"A clear conscience is the sure sign of a bad memory." - Mark Twain
"When a man is penalized for honesty he learns to lie." - Criss Jami
"If you quit once it becomes a habit." - Michael Jordan
"Start the day with love, spend the day with love, fill the day with love and end the day with love." - Sathya Sai Baba
"Teachers open the door. You enter by yourself. " - Chinese Proverb
"Fear is what stops you. Courage is what keeps you going." - Unknown
"Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it." - Rumi
"The eye with which I see God is the same eye with which God sees me." - Meister Eckhart
"Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
"No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes." - Alfred Adler
"If you read a lot of books, you're considered well-read. But if you watch a lot of TV, you're not considered well-viewed." - Lily Tomlin
"Dreams are the touchstones of our characters." - Henry David Thoreau
"Would you rather learn to deal with the truth now than be forced to do so later on?" - Celestine Chua
"The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences." - Christopher McCandless
"It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit." - Harry S. Truman
"If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher." - Pema Chodron
"We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves." - Henry Ward Beecher
"To be fully alive is to feel that everything is possible." - Eric Hoffer
"Changing minds is harder than finding people who already agree." - Jack Butcher
"What we know is a drop, what we don't know is an ocean. " - Isaac Newton
"Avoiding failure is to avoid progress." - Unknown
"Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate and doubt, to offer a solution everybody can understand." - Colin Powell
"The future is not a gift. It is an achievement." - Robert F. Kennedy
"There is no way to happiness - happiness is the way." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey." - Roy T. Bennett
"If you look for perfection, you'll never be content." - Leo Tolstoy
"Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody else expects of you." - Henry Ward Beecher
"If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission." - Unknown
"A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves." - Lao Tzu
"I am not the outcome. I am never the result. I am only the effort." - Kamal Ravikant
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde
"Be happy now, without reason - or you never will be at all." - Dan Millman
"Don't wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great." - Orison Swett Marden
"Successful people appreciate where they have come from, but they don't let their past set the tone for their future." - Steve Harvey
"A good stance and posture reflect a proper state of mind." - Morihei Ueshiba
"Men go to far greater lengths to avoid what they fear than to obtain what they desire." - Dan Brown
"Sometimes a change of perspective is all it takes to see the light." - Dan Brown
"We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish." - Tony Robbins
"The nearer a man comes to a calm mind, the closer he is to strength." - Marcus Aurelius
"Have the fearless attitude of a hero and the loving heart of a child." - Soyen Shaku
"The best way to understanding is a few good examples." - Isaac Newton
"If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place." - Lao Tzu
"Someone who points out your flaws to you is not necessarily your enemy. Someone who speaks of your virtues is not necessarily your friend." - Zen Proverb
"What would you do if you weren't afraid?" - Spencer Johnson
"The quality of your commitments will determine the course of your life." - Ralph Marston
"Courage is found in unlikely places." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. " - Confucius
"I've always lived in the moment." - Yanni
"Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it." - Dalai Lama
"Pleasure is always derived from something outside you, whereas joy arises from within. " - Eckhart Tolle
"You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously." - Steve Maraboli
"Failure is a great teacher. If you're open to it every mistake has a lesson to offer." - Oprah Winfrey
"Passion creates, addiction consumes." - Gabor Mate
"We must not be afraid of dreaming the seemingly impossible if we want the seemingly impossible to become a reality." - Vaclav Havel
"There are no uninteresting things, only uninterested people." - Gilbert Chesterton
"Excuses are the lies you convince yourself are true to avoid proving you are worthy of the gift you were given." - Steve Harvey
"The wisest men follow their own direction." - Euripides
"You play the hand you're dealt. I think the game's worthwhile.  " - Christopher Reeve
"Do not try to be on the side of the majority, but live according to your inner laws." - Marcus Aurelius
"A diamond is a piece of charcoal that handled stress exceptionally well." - Unknown
"Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth." - Henry David Thoreau
"Humans and prosperity never endure side by side for long." - Herodotus
"Who you are is always right." - Ming-Dao Deng
"People spend too much time doing and not enough time thinking about what they should be doing." - Naval Ravikant
"How you think when you lose determines how long it will be until you win." - Gilbert Chesterton
"Failure means you've now learned another valuable lesson that pushes you one step closer to success." - Steve Harvey
"Facts are the enemy of truth. " - Miguel de Cervantes
"Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." - John Wooden
"Normality is a paved road: It's comfortable to walk, but no flowers grow on it." - Vincent van Gogh
"Inner peace is when you realize that, in the end, nothing matters." - Maxime Lagace
"Being wrong brings the opportunity for growth." - Mark Manson
"I admire those who do good and expect nothing in return." - Roy T. Bennett
"Be not glad at the misfortune of another, though he may be your enemy. " - George Washington
"A golden cage is still just a cage." - Anita Krizzan
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." - Maya Angelou
"There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you." - Maya Angelou
"Happiness is an effect of doing what you love, not an end goal to be achieved." - Celestine Chua
"It is not titles that honour men, but men that honour titles." - Niccolo Machiavelli
"Life has more imagination than we carry in our dreams." - Christopher Columbus
"The divine is not something high above us. It is in heaven, it is in earth, it is inside us." - Morihei Ueshiba
"Happiness is a gift and the trick is not to expect it, but to delight in it when it comes." - Charles Dickens
"Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.  " - Seneca
"Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Our life is what our thoughts make it. A man will find that as he alters his thoughts toward things and other people, things and other people will alter towards him." - James Allen
"A single act of kindness throws out roots in all directions, and the roots spring up and make new trees." - Amelia Earhart
"It's always to soon to quit!" - Norman Vincent Peale
"You cannot change your destination overnight but you can change your direction overnight." - Jim Rohn
"Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards." - Soren Kierkegaard
"A person is only by the thoughts that he chooses." - James Allen
"Grudges are for those who insist that they are owed something; forgiveness, however, is for those who are substantial enough to move on." - Criss Jami
"Reversing your treatment of the man you have wronged is better than asking his forgiveness." - Elbert Hubbard
"The destiny of man is in his own soul. " - Herodotus
"A liar knows that he is a liar, but one who speaks mere portions of truth in order to deceive is a craftsman of destruction." - Criss Jami
"If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you've always got. " - Henry Ford
"Simplicity is a difficult thing to achieve.  " - Charlie Chaplin
"The privilege of a lifetime is to become who you truly are." - Carl Jung
"In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock." - Thomas Jefferson
"It is the power of thought that gives man power over nature." - Hans Christian Andersen
"I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves." - Steve Maraboli
"If we are not able to smile, then the world will not have peace." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another." - Charles Dickens
"Men are equal; it is not birth but virtue that makes the difference." - Voltaire
"You're never too old for anything." - Betty White
"You Create Your Own Present By What You Give Your Attention To Today." - Spencer Johnson
"Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world." - Bette Midler
"We are like islands in the sea, separate on the surface but connected in the deep." - William James
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks. " - St. Jerome
"The road to success is always under construction." - Steve Harvey
"The idea of ourselves is our escape from the fact of what we really are." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"The purpose of life is the life of purpose." - Robin Sharma
"Just as true humor is laughter at oneself, true humanity is knowledge of oneself." - Alan Watts
"When the mind is calm, how quickly, how smoothly, how beautifully you will perceive everything." - Paramahansa Yogananda
"From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached." - Franz Kafka
"If we know how to adapt, we end up being superior." - Ming-Dao Deng
"Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward." - Roy T. Bennett
"Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be." - John Wooden
"We are willing to believe anything other than the truth." - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
"We are all here for some special reason." - Robin Sharma
"Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and got to work." - Stephen King
"You are not stuck where you are unless you decide to be.  " - Wayne Dyer
"Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves." - Henry David Thoreau
"There is only the one reality, neither to be realized nor attained." - Huang Po
"The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness." - Eric Hoffer
"All animals except man know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it." - Samuel Butler
"Not why the addiction but why the pain." - Gabor Mate
"The best of us sometimes eat our words.  " - Albus Dumbledore
"If you can handle rejection, you'll learn to get everything you want." - Tony Robbins
"The secret of change is to focus all your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new." - Dan Millman
"If you think adventure is dangerous, try routine; it is lethal." - Paulo Coelho
"To seek is to suffer. To seek nothing is bliss." - Bodhidharma
"Quality is more important than quantity. One home run is much better than two doubles." - Steve Jobs
"Question everything. Learn something. Answer nothing." - Euripides
"A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." - Winston Churchill
"Don't let the past steal your present." - Cherralea Morgen
"In all human affairs there are efforts, and there are results, and the strength of the effort is the measure of the result." - James Allen
"All human wisdom is contained in these two words - Wait and Hope" - Alexandre Dumas
"Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people's hands." - Roy T. Bennett
"In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order." - Carl Jung
"How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. " - Wayne Dyer
"One of the really tough things is figuring out what questions to ask. Once you figure out the question, then the answer is relatively easy." - Elon Musk
"The only difference between success and failure is the ability to take action." - Alexander Graham Bell
"The more you are motivated by Love, The more Fearless & Free your action will be." - Dalai Lama
"We may not be responsible for the world that created our minds, but we can take responsibility for the mind with which we create our world." - Gabor Mate
"Live your life and forget your age." - Norman Vincent Peale
"The two most powerful warriors are patience and time." - Leo Tolstoy
"There is always room in your life for thinking bigger, pushing limits and imagining the impossible." - Tony Robbins
"A mistake is only an error, it becomes a mistake when you fail to correct it." - John Lennon
"Formal education will make you a living, self-education will make you a fortune." - Jim Rohn
"There is peace even in the storm." - Vincent van Gogh
"People seldom do what they believe in. They do what is convenient, then repent." - Bob Dylan
"Be confident, not certain." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire; the size of your dream; and how you handle disappointment along the way." - Robert Kiyosaki
"Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." - Winston Churchill
"Everybody has talent, but ability takes hard work." - Michael Jordan
"The mirror is a worthless invention. The only way to truly see yourself is in the reflection of someone elses. eyes." - Voltaire
"Go as far as you can see and you will see further.  " - Zig Ziglar
"You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job and not be paid for it." - Oprah Winfrey
"Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending." - Carl Bard
"If fear is too strong, the genius is suppressed." - Robert Kiyosaki
"The least deviation from truth will be multiplied later." - Aristotle
"Thinking is the hardest work there is. That is why so few people engage in it." - Robert Kiyosaki
"The whole problem with the world is the fools and fanatics are always so sure of themselves, and wiser people are full of doubts." - George Bernard Shaw
"The quality of your life is determined by the quality of questions you ask." - Tony Robbins
"You can, you should, and if you're brave enough to start, you will." - Stephen King
"Truth is such a rare thing, it is delighted to tell it." - Emily Dickinson
"The wise man reads both books and life itself." - Lin Yutang
"Each path to knowledge involves different rules and these rules are not interchangeable." - Barack Obama
"Debt is the slavery of the free." - Publilius Syrus
"The strength of a wall is neither greater nor less than the courage of the men who defend it. " - Genghis Khan
"You make your own luck if you stay at it long enough." - Naval Ravikant
"You can't make someone feel good about themselves until you feel good about yourself." - Robin Sharma
"Values are like fingerprints. Nobody's are the same, but you leave 'em all over everything you do." - Elvis Presley
"Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. " - Babe Ruth
"Little by little, one travels far." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Belief creates the actual fact." - William James
"To get angry is like to revenge yourself for the guilt of others." - Jonathan Swift
"Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough. " - Oprah Winfrey
"The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat." - Lily Tomlin
"He that can have patience can have what he will." - Benjamin Franklin
"Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still. " - Chinese Proverb
"Becoming a great leader doesn't mean being perfect. it means living with your imperfections." - Lolly Daskal
"You are what you do, not what you say you'll do." - Carl Jung
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone elses. life." - Steve Jobs
"Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines practiced every day." - Jim Rohn
"Ancient Rule of Twenty-one: if you do anything for twenty-one days in a row, it will be installed as a habit." - Robin Sharma
"We become brave by doing brave acts." - Aristotle
"Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be." - Kahlil Gibran
"As you think, so shall you become. " - Bruce Lee
"Turn off your mind, relax, and float downstream." - John Lennon
"No matter how smart we may think we are, no matter how committed we are to our truth, we can lose our way." - Kamal Ravikant
"No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness." - Aristotle
"Faith means believing the unbelievable." - Gilbert Chesterton
"We are most nearly ourselves when we achieve the seriousness of the child at play." - Heraclitus
"I never dwell on what happened. You can't change it. Move forward." - Joan Rivers
"The right thing to do and the hard thing to do are usually the same." - Steve Maraboli
"To lead an orchestra, you must turn your back on the crowd." - Aristotle
"A person who does not read is no better than one cannot read." - Earl Nightingale
"I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends." - Walt Whitman
"Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced." - Soren Kierkegaard
"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it." - Aristotle
"To arrive at the simplest truth requires years of contemplation." - Isaac Newton
"Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person." - Mother Teresa
"Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best." - Roy T. Bennett
"It is indeed a radical act of love just to sit down and be quiet for a time by yourself." - Jon Kabat-Zinn
"The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering. " - Bruce Lee
"Never buy a thing you do not want, because it is cheap, it will be dear to you." - Thomas Jefferson
"Anything you may hold firmly in your imagination can be yours." - William James
"He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know." - Lao Tzu
"Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win." - Stephen King
"Storms don't last forever." - Unknown
"A woman unsatisfied must have luxuries. But a woman who loves a man would sleep on a board." - D. H. Lawrence
"No matter how tall the mountain is, it cannot block the sun." - Chinese Proverb
"Be still when you have nothing to say; when genuine passion moves you, say what you've got to say, and say it hot." - D. H. Lawrence
"Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts." - Charles Dickens
"If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes." - Andrew Carnegie
"Bloom where you are planted!" - Mary Engelbreit
"The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the greatest intention.  " - Kahlil Gibran
"The only way it gets better for you is when you get better. Better is not something you wish, it's something you become." - Jim Rohn
"A man has to learn that he cannot command things but that he can command himself; that he cannot coerce the wills of others but that he can mold and master his own will." - James Allen
"When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable." - Walt Disney
"Man should fear never beginning to live." - Marcus Aurelius
"Trust, like the soul, never returns once it is gone." - Publilius Syrus
"Human beings believe just as they breathe - in order to survive." - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"Walk towards the sunshine, and the shadows will fall behind you." - Mary Engelbreit
"If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done. " - Bruce Lee
"Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.  " - Seneca
"Failure is acceptable. Not trying is a whole different ball park." - Michael Jordan
"The busy man is never wise and the wise man is never busy." - Lin Yutang
"There is no path to Peace. Peace is the path." - Dan Millman
"The meaning of life is just to be alive. It is so plain and so obvious and so simple." - Alan Watts
"A gentleman is one who puts more into the world than he takes out." - George Bernard Shaw
"Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion of death." - Coco Chanel
"It is useless to meet revenge with revenge; it will heal nothing." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it." - Criss Jami
"The thing about smart people is that they seem like crazy people to dumb people." - Stephen Hawking
"Night is a more quiet time to work. It aids thought." - Alexander Graham Bell
"Duty makes us do things well, but love makes us do them beautifully.  " - Zig Ziglar
"He who leaves the game wins it." - Nicolas Chamfort
"Listening well is as powerful as talking well, and is also as essential to true conversation." - Chinese Proverb
"The cost of leadership is self-interest." - Simon Sinek
"Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is my anchor." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"Confidence is consistency of thinking about what is possible and how to make it possible." - John Eliot
"It matters not who you love, where you love, why you love, when you love or how you love, it matters only that you love." - John Lennon
"The first rule of handling conflict is don't hang around people who are constantly engaging in conflict." - Naval Ravikant
"You cannot find peace avoiding life." - Virginia Woolf
"Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing." - Benjamin Franklin
"When you are talented you do it whatever it is until your fingers bleed or your eyes are ready to fall out of your head." - Stephen King
"Most people fail in life because they major in minor things." - Tony Robbins
"Live the moment for the moment." - Michael Jordan
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." - Aristotle
"Knowledge is learning something everyday. Wisdom is letting go of something everyday." - Unknown
"Throughout this life, you can never be certain of living long enough to take another breath." - Zen Proverb
"You can do two things at once, but you can't focus effectively on two things at once." - Gary Keller
"Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be." - Leo Tolstoy
"Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life." - Ayn Rand
"Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed." - Denis Waitley
"Do not be so open-minded that your brains fall out." - Gilbert Chesterton
"If you're afraid to die, you're afraid to live. You can't have one without the other." - Rita Mae Brown
"It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them. " - Alfred Adler
"An intelligent person hires people who are more intelligent than he is." - Robert Kiyosaki
"You live by what you thrill to, and there's the end of it." - D. H. Lawrence
"Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss
"If there were no God, there would be no atheists." - Gilbert Chesterton
"You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore." - William Faulkner
"Surrender to what is. Let go of what was. Have faith in what will be." - Sonia Ricotti
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"The wiser you get, the less you care to look like a fool." - Maxime Lagace
"The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday." - Brian Tracy
"Time goes from present to past." - Shunryu Suzuki
"Human happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected. " - George Washington
"Loyalty and friendship are the most precious possessions a man can have." - Herbert Hoover
"Nothing that results in human progress is achieved with unanimous consent." - Christopher Columbus
"The spirit is beyond destruction. No one can bring an end to spirit which is everlasting." - Bhagavad Gita
"Rewards and punishment is the lowest form of education." - Zhuangzi
"Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever." - Roy T. Bennett
"Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny." - Bob Marley
"From error to error one discovers the entire truth." - Sigmund Freud
"Do not use life to give life to death. Do not use death to bring death to life." - Zhuangzi
"The world doesn't always give you want, but it often gives you what you need." - Naval Ravikant
"Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them down." - Socrates
"True life is lived when tiny changes occur." - Leo Tolstoy
"Conquer the devils with a little thing called love." - Bob Marley
"Enthusiasm is a vital element toward the individual success of every man or woman." - Conrad Hilton
"Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is." - Vince Lombardi
"It is not enough to win a war; it is more important to organize the peace." - Aristotle
"The more you take responsibility for your past and present, the more you are able to create the future you seek." - Celestine Chua
"The difference between impossible and possible is a willing heart." - Lolly Daskal
"A good teacher opens the door for you, but you must enter the room by yourself." - Zen Proverb
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." - Maya Angelou
"Little minds have little worries, big minds have no time for worries." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Courage is almost a contradiction in terms. It means a strong desire to live taking the form of a readiness to die." - Gilbert Chesterton
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently." - Henry Ford
"Either you choose to stay in the shallow end of the pool or you go out into the ocean." - Christopher Reeve
"Some of the greater things in life are unseen; that's why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream." - Unknown
"Work is always an antidote to depression." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured." - Mark Twain
"Time flies whether you are having fun or not." - Mary Engelbreit
"Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves." - Dale Carnegie
"The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." - Vince Lombardi
"The Law of Concentration states that whatever you dwell upon grows. The more you think about something, the more it becomes part of your reality." - Brian Tracy
"Take care of your cents: dollars will take care of themselves." - Thomas Jefferson
"To wish you were someone else is to waste the person you are." - Unknown
"A friend to all is a friend to none." - Aristotle
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
"Enjoy every minute of life. Never second-guess life." - Michael Jordan
"Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything." - George Bernard Shaw
"You have to give up some of the old so that you can make room for the new." - Yanni
"What's the point in being smart enough to read, if everything you read makes you dumb?" - C. Sean McGee
"The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Give credit where credit is due: simply said, if you want loyalty and best effort, you must be thoughtful.  " - Estee Lauder
"First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do." - Epictetus
"It is our experiences that mold us into who we are...during times of adversity our true character will show." - Unknown
"Being spiritual has nothing to do with what you believe and everything to do with your state of consciousness." - Eckhart Tolle
"Nothing is hopeless; we must hope for everything." - Euripides
"Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness." - Ayn Rand
"Nothing you do is going to matter that much in the long run. Don't take yourself so seriously." - Naval Ravikant
"If you find you are not valued and appreciated, then shift your attention to places where you will be valued and appreciated." - Celestine Chua
"Sometimes it is more important to discover what one cannot do, than what one can do." - Lin Yutang
"Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star." - W. Clement Stone
"In spite of everything, I shall rise again." - Vincent van Gogh
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." - Buddha
"Our greatest fears lie in anticipation." - Honore de Balzac
"The goal of an artist is to create the definitive work that cannot be surpassed." - George Bernard Shaw
"Evil is whatever distracts. " - Franz Kafka
"The temptation to give up is strongest just before victory." - Zen Proverb
"The dead receive more flowers than the living because regret is stronger than gratitude." - Anne Frank
"Don't put off living to next week, next month, next year or next decade. The only time you're ever living is in this moment." - Celestine Chua
"Your gift is something that you can do innately better than anything else." - Steve Harvey
"Freedom lies in being bold." - Robert Frost
"There is a cosmic law which says that every satisfaction must be paid for with a dissatisfaction." - G.I. Gurdjieff
"Within every desire is the mechanics of its fulfillment." - Deepak Chopra
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas Edison
"However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at." - Stephen Hawking
"You get paid in direct proportion to the difficulty of problems you solve." - Elon Musk
"Weeds are flowers too, once you get to know them." - A.A. Milne
"A thing constructed can only be loved after it is constructed; but a thing created is loved before it exists." - Charles Dickens
"No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or to get all the credit for doing it." - Andrew Carnegie
"I live by letting things happen." - Dogen
"A change is brought about because ordinary people do extraordinary things." - Barack Obama
"It is not that we have too little time to do all the things we need to do , it is that we feel the need to do too many things in the time we have." - Gary Keller
"Life may be full of pain but that's not an excuse to give up." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Truth is like most opinions - best unexpressed." - Kenneth Branagh
"Help others and give something back." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. " - Bruce Lee
"Yesterday is the past, tomorrow is the future, today is a gift - that's why it's called the present." - George Bernard Shaw
"Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, learning from failure." - Colin Powell
"You may forget with whom you laughed, but you will never forget with whom you wept.  " - Kahlil Gibran
"In the middle of chaos lies opportunity.  " - Bruce Lee
"Unless someone truly has the power to say no, they never truly have the power to say yes." - Dan Millman
"Some changes look negative on the surface but you will soon realize that space is being created in your life for something new to emerge." - Eckhart Tolle
"Without struggle, no progress and no result. Every breaking of habit produces a change in the machine." - G.I. Gurdjieff
"Even the finest sword plunged into salt water will eventually rust." - Sun Tzu
"Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone." - Roy T. Bennett
"Surround yourself only with people who are going to take you higher." - Oprah Winfrey
"Selfishness and greed, individual or national, cause most of our troubles." - Harry S. Truman
"Be willing to be a beginner every single morning." - Meister Eckhart
"Everything flows, nothing stands still." - Heraclitus
"The people who succeed are irrationally passionate about something." - Naval Ravikant
"Scared people want comfort and certainty so they avoid failure. People living fully seek challenges because this is where they feel alive." - Maxime Lagace
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." - Thomas Edison
"You can have results or excuses, but not both." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Some of us learn from other people's mistakes and the rest of us have to be other people.  " - Zig Ziglar
"May you find grace as you surrender to life. May you find happiness, as you stop seeking it." - Dan Millman
"When asked, how do you write? I invariably answer, one word at a time." - Stephen King
"Do Something. If it works, do more of it. If it doesn't, do something else." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"The quicker you let go of old cheese, the sooner you find new cheese." - Spencer Johnson
"Always dream and shoot higher than you know you can do. Do not bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself." - William Faulkner
"Be strong. Be confident. Be the star of your own life." - Estee Lauder
"Far more crucial than what we know or do not know is what we do not want to know." - Eric Hoffer
"One beam, no matter how big, cannot support an entire house on its own." - Chinese Proverb
"You cannot always control what goes on outside. But you can always control what goes on inside. " - Wayne Dyer
"Nothing makes a man broad-minded like adversity." - Will Rogers
"Champions keep playing until they get it right." - Billie Jean King
"A hopeless man is a very desperate and dangerous man, almost a dead man." - Robert F. Kennedy
"An inch of time is an inch of gold but you can't buy that inch of time with an inch of gold." - Chinese Proverb
"If you don't make things happen then things will happen to you." - Robert Collier
"Don't criticize what you can't understand. " - Bob Dylan
"Make each day your masterpiece." - John Wooden
"Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances." - Thomas Jefferson
"Creative endeavors are by their nature uncertain." - Robert Greene
"Stop being tormented by everyone else's reaction to you." - Joyce Meyer
"If you care about someone enough, you'll always be there for them no matter what." - Roy T. Bennett
"Let the beauty of what you love be what you do." - Rumi
"The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender." - Vince Lombardi
"To be calm is the highest achievement of the self." - Zen Proverb
"There's a very deep connection among human beings. All we have to do is open our minds to it." - Yanni
"Information changes your mind. Action changes your circumstances." - Jack Butcher
"The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work." - Oprah Winfrey
"Everyone you admire was once a beginner." - Jack Butcher
"Every second you have on this planet is very precious and it's your responsibility that you're happy." - Naval Ravikant
"My actions are my only true belongings. I cannot escape the consequences of my actions. My actions are the ground upon which I stand." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"Death is as sure for that which is born, as birth is for that which is dead. Therefore grieve not for what is inevitable." - Bhagavad Gita
"May you live all the days of your life." - Jonathan Swift
"A scientific man ought to have no wishes, no affections, - a mere heart of stone." - Charles Darwin
"One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man." - Elbert Hubbard
"The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you are likely to see." - Winston Churchill
"To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little; do something." - Sydney Smith
"A man who cannot tolerate small misfortunes can never accomplish great things." - Chinese Proverb
"Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams." - Unknown
"To be of use to the world is the only way to be happy." - Hans Christian Andersen
"We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid." - Benjamin Franklin
"How much pain they have cost us, the evils which have never happened." - Thomas Jefferson
"In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd." - Miguel de Cervantes
"When it comes to mastering a skill, time is the magic ingredient." - Robert Greene
"He who permits himself to tell a lie once, finds it much easier to do it the second time." - Thomas Jefferson
"Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes." - Lolly Daskal
"Nothing we see or hear is perfect. But right there in the imperfection is perfect reality." - Shunryu Suzuki
"The seasons do not push one another; neither do clouds race the wind across the sky. All things happen in their own good time." - Dan Millman
"Don't ever be afraid to put yourself in a lesser position so that you can learn something from someone who knows more." - Steve Harvey
"If you run you stand a chance of losing, but if you don't run you've already lost." - Barack Obama
"When you lose your desire for things that do not matter, you will be free." - Morihei Ueshiba
"So long as we are being remembered, we remain alive." - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"To acquire true self power you have to feel beneath no one, be immune to criticism and be fearless." - Deepak Chopra
"If you can't imagine it, you can't have it." - Toni Morrison
"We have more possibilities available in each moment than we realize." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"Move out of your comfort zone. You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new." - Brian Tracy
"Saying nothing sometimes says the most." - Emily Dickinson
"Family not only needs to consist of merely those whom we share blood, but also of those whom we'd give blood." - Charles Dickens
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Henry David Thoreau
"When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better, too." - Paulo Coelho
"There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure." - Paulo Coelho
"Good entrepreneurs don't fail because they stay at it." - Naval Ravikant
"Trust is built and maintained by many small actions over time." - Lolly Daskal
"The very essence of instinct is that it's followed independently of reason." - Charles Darwin
"To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The more you extend kindness to yourself, the more it will become your automatic response to others." - Wayne Dyer
"When you rise in the morning, form a resolution to make the day a happy one for a fellow creature." - Sydney Smith
"By going within. Nowhere you can go is more peaceful - more free of interruptions - than your own soul." - Marcus Aurelius
"Do not follow the ideas of others, but learn to listen to the voice within yourself." - Dogen
"Find the game where you can win, and then commit your life to playing it; and play to win." - Robert Kiyosaki
"Smile, breathe and go slowly." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"One of the advantages of being disorganized is that one is always having surprising discoveries." - A.A. Milne
"You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it." - Robin Williams
"Never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart." - Charles Dickens
"Remain calm, serene, always in command of yourself. You will then find out how easy it is to get along. " - Paramahansa Yogananda
"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change." - Jim Rohn
"It's not what you've got; it's what you do that makes the difference." - Celestine Chua
"What people say, what people do, and what they say they do are entirely different things. " - Margaret Mead
"There is a wisdom of the head, and there is a wisdom of the heart." - Charles Dickens
"Only those who do nothing at all make no mistakes." - Unknown
"Create each day anew." - Morihei Ueshiba
"We cannot change anything unless we accept it." - Carl Jung
"A hero is an ordinary person doing things in an extra ordinary way." - Christopher Reeve
"The secret of happiness is not in doing what you like but in liking what you have to do." - Sathya Sai Baba
"Truth is the offspring of silence and meditation." - Isaac Newton
"To be happy we need something to solve. Happiness is therefore a form of action." - Mark Manson
"It isn't that they can't see the solution. It is that they can't see the problem." - Gilbert Chesterton
"The fewer the words, the better the prayer." - Martin Luther
"Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it." - Leonardo da Vinci
"Reading should be a pleasure, not a chore." - Joan Rivers
"You get in life what you have the courage to ask for." - Oprah Winfrey
"For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them." - Aristotle
"What gets measured gets improved." - Robin Sharma
"If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself." - Henry Ford
"Men learn to love the woman they are attracted to. Women learn to become attracted to the man they fall in love with." - Woody Allen
"Friendship takes time and energy if it's going to work." - Betty White
"Don't let the behavior of others destroy your inner peace." - Dalai Lama
"If you want to be sad, no one in the world can make you happy. But if you make up your mind to be happy, no one and nothing on earth can take that happiness from you." - Paramahansa Yogananda
"It's necessary to get the losers out of your life if you want to live your dream." - Les Brown
"I am always doing what I cannot do yet, in order to learn how to do it." - Vincent van Gogh
"Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people." - Roy T. Bennett
"It is not as important how we start, but how we finish." - Joyce Meyer
"When the fish is caught we pay no more attention to the trap." - Huang Po
"Everyone must choose one of two pains: The pain of discipline or the pain of regret." - Jim Rohn
"Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster. " - Anne Wilson Schaef
"Dreams do come true, if we only wish hard enough, You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it." - James Matthew Barrie
"You're always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past." - Richard Bach
"Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one." - Marcus Aurelius
"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal." - Henry Ford
"Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. " - Margaret Mead
"If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one." - Mother Teresa
"Keep others in suspense, cultivate an air of unpredictability." - Robert Greene
"We suffer more often in imagination than in reality." - Seneca
"When you consider things like the stars, our affairs don't seem to matter very much, do they?" - Virginia Woolf
"If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present." - Roy T. Bennett
"Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday." - Dale Carnegie
"Integrity is the ability to stand by an idea." - Ayn Rand
"If you want to turn a vision into reality, you have to give 100% and never stop believing in your dream." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Life is much more successfully looked at from a single window." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Sad thing is, you can still love someone and be wrong for them." - Elvis Presley
"Humor isn't for everyone. It's only for people who want to have fun, enjoy life, and feel alive." - Anne Wilson Schaef
"Just trust that everything is unfolding the way it is supposed to. Don't resist... Great things are waiting for you around the corner." - Sonia Ricotti
"Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them." - Steve Maraboli
"Peace is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it." - Unknown
"Absurdity is the ecstasy of intellectualism." - Criss Jami
"My sun sets to rise again." - Robert Browning
"Be fascinated instead of frustrated." - Jim Rohn
"If you put yourself in a position where you have to stretch outside your comfort zone, then you are forced to expand your consciousness." - Unknown
"Elegance does not consist in putting on a new dress." - Coco Chanel
"The way out is in." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it." - Jim Rohn
"The first principle of success is desire." - Robert Collier
"I am not proud, but I am happy; and happiness blinds, I think, more than pride." - Alexandre Dumas
"A leader leads by example, not by force." - Sun Tzu
"Observe things as they are and don't pay attention to other people." - Huang Po
"Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions." - Alfred Adler
"Everything you can imagine is real." - Pablo Picasso
"Words are the clothes thoughts wear." - Samuel Beckett
"If you need inspiration, don't do it." - Elon Musk
"It will never rain roses: when we want to have more roses, we must plant more roses." - George Eliot
"The best way out is always through." - Robert Frost
"Fortunate are those who take the first steps." - Paulo Coelho
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
"If you can change your mind, you can change your life." - William James
"Remember we're all in this alone." - Lily Tomlin
"Many people spend more time looking at their failures than focusing on their successes." - Lolly Daskal
"If you want to change how you see your problems, you have to change what you value and/or how you measure failure/success." - Mark Manson
"The more reasons you have for achieving your goal, the more determined you will become." - Brian Tracy
"As mortals, we're ruled by conditions, not by ourselves." - Bodhidharma
"We're kept from our goal not by obstacles, but by a clear path to a lesser goal." - Bhagavad Gita
"True it is, we only hate those whom we do not know." - Andrew Carnegie
"Where violence reigns, reason is weak." - Nicolas Chamfort
"Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking." - Marcus Aurelius
"Progress comes to those who train and train; reliance on secret techniques will get you nowhere." - Morihei Ueshiba
"Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth." - Alan Watts
"A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life." - Charles Darwin
"Take time like the river that never grows stale. Keep going and steady. No hurry, no rush." - Rumi
"We are shaped and fashioned by what we love." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Surround yourself with people who take their work seriously, but not themselves, those who work hard and play hard." - Colin Powell
"Stop being a prisoner of your past. Become the architect of your future." - Robin Sharma
"To raise your consciousness, surround yourself with people of higher consciousness." - Celestine Chua
"Thinking is a habit, and like any other habit, it can be changed; it just takes effort and repetition." - John Eliot
"Being In The Present Means Tuning Out Distractions And Paying Attention To What Is Important, Now." - Spencer Johnson
"If you are far from the enemy, make him believe you are near." - Sun Tzu
"If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself." - Norman Vincent Peale
"All life is a manifestation of the spirit, the manifestation of love." - Morihei Ueshiba
"Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall be disappointed." - Jonathan Swift
"Freedom itself demands discomfort." - Mark Manson
"It is well known that those who do not trust themselves never trust others." - Alfred Adler
"I am not absentminded. It is the presence of mind that makes me unaware of everything else." - Gilbert Chesterton
"Thoughts become things. If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand." - Bob Proctor
"It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently." - Tony Robbins
"None of us can change our yesterdays but all of us can change our tomorrows." - Colin Powell
"Be patient and calm; no one can catch fish in anger." - Herbert Hoover
"Without the confidence, nothing can be accomplished." - Sathya Sai Baba
"If I can laugh, I can live." - Christopher Reeve
"Begin now to be what you will be hereafter." - St. Jerome
"The grass is greener where you water it." - Neil Barringham
"I've always tried to go a step past wherever people expected me to end up." - Beverly Sills
"Life is but one dream flowing into another." - Ming-Dao Deng
"The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money." - Unknown
"Sometimes, the only way to evolve is to open ourselves fully." - Kamal Ravikant
"Whatever you decide to do, make sure it makes you happy." - Paulo Coelho
"I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do." - Steve Jobs
"People who bite the hand that feeds them usually lick the boot that kicks them." - Eric Hoffer
"Peace is not something you wish for; It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away." - John Lennon
"There are no contests in the Art of Peace. A true warrior is invincible because he or she contests with nothing." - Morihei Ueshiba
"The opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself." - Sun Tzu
"Take into account that great love and great achievements involve great risk." - Dalai Lama
"He who knows how to wait need make no concessions." - Sigmund Freud
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment." - Jim Rohn
"Failure is the key to success; each mistake teaches us something." - Morihei Ueshiba
"Seek not the good in external things;seek it in yourselves." - Epictetus
"If you focus on results and finding shortcuts, you'll get impatient. If you focus on the process and doing the right thing, you'll be unstoppable." - Maxime Lagace
"The only thing new in the world is the history you do not know." - Harry S. Truman
"Victims recite problems, leaders provide solutions." - Robin Sharma
"Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are." - Chinese Proverb
"Don't let the silly little dramas of each day get you down. For you are here to do great things." - Ralph Marston
"Life should be touched, not strangled.  " - Ray Bradbury
"Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Be kind. Always." - Robin Williams
"It is important to fight and fight again, and keep fighting, for only then can evil be kept at bay though never quite eradicated." - Albus Dumbledore
"Don't spend major time on minor things." - Jim Rohn
"The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Rest and be kind, you don't have to prove anything." - Jack Kerouac
"Just because you are happy it does not mean that the day is perfect but that you have looked beyond its imperfections." - Bob Marley
"When we think about our strengths, we are strong. When we think about our weaknesses, we are weak." - Peter A. Cohen
"You'll get more from being a peacemaker than a warrior." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction." - Anne Frank
"For fast-acting relief try slowing down." - Lily Tomlin
"The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about. " - Wayne Dyer
"It doesn't matter what you do, only how well you do it." - Dan Millman
"A gentleman accepts the responsibility of his actions and bears the burden of their consequences." - William Faulkner
"Simplicity is the glory of expression." - Walt Whitman
"Curiosity is the most powerful thing you own." - James Cameron
"When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat." - Ronald Reagan
"Nothing like a health problem to turn up the contrast dial for the rest of life." - Naval Ravikant
"The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money." - Thomas Jefferson
"Do something to move yourself toward your major goal every day." - Brian Tracy
"It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, remember that." - Albus Dumbledore
"Don't blame others. it won't make you a better person." - Lolly Daskal
"Always keep your eyes open. Keep watching. Because whatever you see can inspire you." - Grace Coddington
"Quiet people have the loudest minds." - Stephen King
"We cannot always do great things in life, but we can do small things with great love." - Dan Millman
"Don't want anything. Then you get everything." - Seungsahn
"We are born from a quiet sleep, and we die to a calm awakening" - Zhuangzi
"Confidence is the greatest friend." - Lao Tzu
"There are more people who wish to be loved than there are who are willing to love. " - Nicolas Chamfort
"All problems are illusions of the mind." - Eckhart Tolle
"Showing off is the fool's idea of glory. " - Bruce Lee
"If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly." - Steve Maraboli
"If you can't argue both sides, you can't argue." - Jack Butcher
"To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden." - Seneca
"Opportunities multiply as they are seized." - Sun Tzu
"A minute's success pays the failure of years." - Robert Browning
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is enlightenment." - Lao Tzu
"Sometimes you will never know the value of something, until it becomes a memory." - Dr. Seuss
"You can avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality." - Ayn Rand
"One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory." - Rita Mae Brown
"People are not disturbed by things, but by the views they take of them." - Epictetus
"You are now, and you do become, what you think about." - Earl Nightingale
"Quality is not an act, it is a habit." - Aristotle
"A dream doesn't become reality through magic it takes sweat, determination and hard work." - Colin Powell
"The only defense against the world is a thorough knowledge of it." - John Locke
"Creativity is the greatest rebellion in existence." - Osho
"Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of someone else." - Judy Garland
"I have no methods; all I do is accept people as they are." - Joan Rivers
"Unless you're ashamed of yourself now and then, you're not honest." - William Faulkner
"Nothing external to you has any power over you." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Life is one long process of getting tired." - Samuel Butler
"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars." - Norman Vincent Peale
"To the world you may be one person; but to one person you may be the world." - Dr. Seuss
"Everybody by your side ain't on your side." - Steve Harvey
"Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude." - Roy T. Bennett
"Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results." - Albert Einstein
"Not all those who wander are lost." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Give so much away people insist on paying you." - Jack Butcher
"The purpose of life is the expansion of happiness." - Deepak Chopra
"Here is the test to find whether your mission on earth is finished. If you're alive, it isn't." - Richard Bach
"He suffers more than necessary, who suffers before it is necessary.  " - Seneca
"Turn your face to the sun, as flowers know how to do." - Ming-Dao Deng
"Whatever your mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve." - Napoleon Hill
"Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude. " - Ralph Marston
"Your next step is simple. You are the first domino." - Gary Keller
"Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours." - Les Brown
"Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom." - Soren Kierkegaard
"Do not bite at the bait of pleasure, till you know there is no hook beneath it." - Thomas Jefferson
"When reading, only read. When eating, only eat. When thinking, only think." - Seungsahn
"If I love myself I love you. If I love you I love myself." - Rumi
"Receive without pride, let go without attachment." - Marcus Aurelius
"Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart." - Kahlil Gibran
"Where we fall are the stepping-stones for our journey." - Lolly Daskal
"It is startling to realize how much unbelief is necessary to make belief possible." - Eric Hoffer
"Life is to be fortified by many friendships. To love, and to be loved, is the greatest happiness of existence." - Sydney Smith
"A man should never be ashamed to own that he has been in the wrong, which is but saying, that he is wiser today than yesterday." - Jonathan Swift
"Good luck is opportunity meeting preparedness." - Deepak Chopra
"Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation." - Michael Jordan
"Focus on how far you have come in life rather than looking at the accomplishments of others." - Lolly Daskal
"Science can flourish only in an atmosphere of free speech. " - Albert Einstein
"A dead thing can go with the stream, but only a living thing can go against it." - Gilbert Chesterton
"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail." - Benjamin Franklin
"Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting." - Sun Tzu
"To succeed takes more than the desire to win. It also takes the acceptance that we could fail." - Simon Sinek
"Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself." - Andrew Carnegie
"Everything will be ok in the end. If it's not ok, it's not the end." - John Lennon
"This is the most simple and basic component of life: our struggles determine our successes." - Mark Manson
"Reality is the leading cause of stress among those in touch with it." - Lily Tomlin
"Fear of death is fear of the Unknown." - Adi Da Samraj
"When you change what you believe, you change what you do." - Spencer Johnson
"It takes a very long time to become young." - Pablo Picasso
"Men are anxious to improve their circumstances but are unwilling to improve themselves; they therefore remain bound." - James Allen
"You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, expect to win." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you." - Thomas Jefferson
"All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions." - Leonardo da Vinci
"Stop wasting time defending your problems and work on addressing them instead." - Celestine Chua
"The future belongs to those who learn more skills and combine them in creative ways." - Robert Greene
"Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you." - John Wooden
"Sometimes you have to travel a long way to find what is near." - Paulo Coelho
"Peace is letting it be. Letting life flow, letting emotions flow through you." - Kamal Ravikant
"Act the way you want to be and soon you'll be the way you act." - Les Brown
"Everyone has a sense of humor. If you don't laugh at jokes, you probably laugh at opinions." - Criss Jami
"I think it's very important to have a feedback loop, where you're constantly thinking about what you've done and how you could be doing it better." - Elon Musk
"If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants." - Isaac Newton
"Trying to predict the future is like trying to drive down a country road at night with no lights while looking out the back window." - Peter Drucker
"The wise speak only of what they know." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The mind can calculate, but the spirit yearns, and the heart wants what the heart wants." - Stephen King
"In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit." - Anne Frank
"Intense love does not measure, it just gives." - Mother Teresa
"Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing." - Seneca
"The less you want, the richer you are. The more you need in order to be happy, the more miserable you'll be." - Yanni
"Learning is a gift, even when pain is your teacher." - Michael Jordan
"If you chase two rabbits, you catch none." - Confucius
"Today is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Deliberately seek the company of people who influence you to think and act on building the life you desire." - Napoleon Hill
"Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have." - Thomas Edison
"Throw your heart over the bar and your body will follow." - Norman Vincent Peale
"Success comes to those who become success conscious." - Napoleon Hill
"The finish line is just the beginning of a whole new race." - Unknown
"Anyone who reads a book with a sense of obligation does not understand the art of reading." - Lin Yutang
"A mentor is someone who sees more talent and ability within you, than you see in yourself, and helps bring it out of you." - Bob Proctor
"Life has no limitations except the ones you make." - Les Brown
"As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Time doesn't heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go." - Roy T. Bennett
"It is easy to discover what another has discovered before." - Christopher Columbus
"Intelligent people make many mistakes because they cannot believe the world is really as foolish as it is." - Nicolas Chamfort
"To lose your temper is only useful once a year." - Colin R. Davis
"Those who seek the easy way do not seek the true way." - Dogen
"A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions." - Marcus Aurelius
"If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it." - Criss Jami
"Your purpose will be clear only when you listen to your heart." - Lolly Daskal
"Help others for all the times that you have been ignored. Be kind to others, for all the times that you have been scorned." - Ming-Dao Deng
"Some of your greatest lessons come from your darkest moments." - Roger Lee
"If the grass is greener on the other side, maybe that's because you're not taking good care of your grass." - Unknown
"The only limits in our life are those we impose on ourselves." - Bob Proctor
"All great truths begin as blasphemies." - George Bernard Shaw
"Successful people are not without problems. They're simply people who've learned to solve their problems." - Earl Nightingale
"It isn't what you do, but how you do it." - John Wooden
"Extraordinary results happen only when you give the best you have to become the best you can be at your most important work." - Gary Keller
"If you want to achieve anything in this world, you have to get used to the idea that not everyone will like you." - Simon Sinek
"You win more from losing than winning." - Morgan Wootten
"The heart wants what it wants - or else it does not care." - Emily Dickinson
"The only limits in your life are those that you set yourself." - Celestine Chua
"I have lived with several Zen masters -- all of them cats." - Eckhart Tolle
"When people are free to do as they please, they usually imitate each other." - Eric Hoffer
"Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action." - William James
"Life is like playing the violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on." - Samuel Butler
"Know yourself and you will win all battles." - Sun Tzu
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream." - Edgar Allan Poe
"Each problem has a positive side." - Og Mandino
"Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise man to be able to sell it." - Samuel Butler
"Arise, slay thy enemies, enjoy a prosperous kingdom." - Bhagavad Gita
"You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Life doesn't get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient." - Steve Maraboli
"It is not the knowing that is difficult, but the doing. " - Chinese Proverb
"Silence is sometimes the best answer." - Dalai Lama
"Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish." - Euripides
"Let not your mind run on what you lack as much as on what you have already." - Marcus Aurelius
"Small men think they are small; great men never know they are great. " - Chinese Proverb
"When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.  " - Wayne Dyer
"No one ever said life was fair. Just Eventful." - Carol Burnett
"I know of only one duty, and that is to love." - George Bernard Shaw
"Be as simple as you can be; you will be astonished to see how uncomplicated and happy your life can become." - Paramahansa Yogananda
"Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out." - John Wooden
"Make peace with your inner turmoil." - Unknown
"Work as though you would live forever, and live as though you would die today. Go another mile." - Og Mandino
"There is no absolute success in the world, only constant progress." - Jonathan Swift
"Write to help yourself, publish to help others." - Jack Butcher
"It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them." - Epictetus
"Where your talents and the needs of the world cross, there lies your vocation." - Aristotle
"Why change? Everyone has his own style. When you have found it, you should stick to it." - Audrey Hepburn
"Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old. " - Franz Kafka
"Integrity is telling myself the truth. And honesty is telling the truth to other people." - Spencer Johnson
"Falling down is not failure. Failure comes when you stay where you have fallen." - Socrates
"You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength." - Marcus Aurelius
"Confuse them with your silence and amaze them with your actions." - Unknown
"FEAR has two meanings: 'Forget Everything And Run' or 'Face Everything And Rise.' The choice is yours." - Zig Ziglar
"Life is just the same as learning to swim. Do not be afraid of making mistakes, for there is no other way of learning how to live!" - Alfred Adler
"We have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day." - Charles Swindoll
"The consequences of today are determined by the actions of the past. To change your future, alter your decisions today." - Unknown
"The educated differ from the uneducated as much as the living differ from the dead." - Aristotle
"If you are unable to find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it?" - Dogen
"Where you are right now doesn't have to determine where you'll end up." - Barack Obama
"As soon as you truly commit to making something happen, the 'how' will reveal itself." - Tony Robbins
"There are two ways of seeing: with the body and with the soul. The body's sight can sometimes forget, but the soul remembers forever." - Alexandre Dumas
"Do not think you will necessarily be aware of your own enlightenment." - Dogen
"Wherever you are, and whatever you do, be in love." - Rumi
"Learn to sit back and observe, not everything needs a reaction." - Unknown
"You can put lipstick on a pig. It's still a pig." - Barack Obama
"Never spend your money before you have earned it." - Thomas Jefferson
"Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind." - Roy T. Bennett
"In a world that is constantly changing, it is to our advantage to learn how to adapt and enjoy something better." - Spencer Johnson
"Forget safety. Live where you fear to live." - Rumi
"Awakening is possible only for those who seek it and want it." - G.I. Gurdjieff
"The traveler sees what he sees. The tourist sees what he has come to see." - Gilbert Chesterton
"The mind is the limit." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Some people don't like change, but you need to embrace change if the alternative is disaster." - Elon Musk
"As you grow older you will discover that you have two hands. One for helping yourself, the other for helping others." - Audrey Hepburn
"Never fear quarrels, but seek hazardous adventures." - Alexandre Dumas
"The most wasted day of all is that on which we have not laughed." - Nicolas Chamfort
"The enemy is a very good teacher." - Dalai Lama
"Life needs to be more than just solving problems every day. You need to wake up and be excited about the future." - Elon Musk
"People think about what they don't want and attract more of the same." - Unknown
"Making money isn't hard in itself... What's hard is to earn it doing something worth devoting one's life to." - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly." - Gilbert Chesterton
"Don't change your mind just because people are offended; change your mind if you're wrong." - Criss Jami
"In order to control myself I must first accept myself by going with and not against my nature." - Bruce Lee
"The biggest and only critic lives in your perception of people's perception of you rather than people's perception of you." - Criss Jami
"It's easier to lose than to win.  " - Wayne Gretzky
"Some people dream of success, while others wake up and work hard at it." - Napoleon Hill
"The big thing is to make a winning effort. I'm not obsessed with wins." - Morgan Wootten
"The secret of life isn't what happens to you, but what you do with what happens to you." - Norman Vincent Peale
"The future doesn't belong to the faint-hearted; it belongs to the brave." - Ronald Reagan
"Never give way to laziness." - Bhagavad Gita
"We win by helping each other win." - Jack Butcher
"If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dream." - Les Brown
"To live outside the law, you must be honest. " - Bob Dylan
"Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat." - Sun Tzu
"When you are able to employ your will always for constructive purposes, you become the controller of your destiny." - Paramahansa Yogananda
"The biggest mistake we could ever make in our lives is to think we work for anybody but ourselves." - Brian Tracy
"Working hard for something we don't care about is called stress: Working hard for something we love is called passion." - Simon Sinek
"Getting lost along your path is a part of finding the path you are meant to be on." - Robin Sharma
"All problems are interpersonal relationship problems." - Alfred Adler
"As you think, you travel, and as you love, you attract." - James Allen
"Life is about not knowing and then doing something anyway." - Mark Manson
"Animals don't hate, and we're supposed to be better than them." - Elvis Presley
"What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
"Nothing can dim the light which shines from within." - Maya Angelou
"First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak." - Epictetus
"Honor is the foundation of courage." - Amelia Earhart
"Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Life and death are of supreme importance. Time swiftly passes by and opportunity is lost." - Dogen
"Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value." - Albert Einstein
"Embrace the life you have and stop wishing that you could be someone else." - Joyce Meyer
"Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love." - Mother Teresa
"Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate." - Carl Jung
"Freeing oneself from words is liberation. " - Bodhidharma
"If you can see it in your mind, you can hold it in your mind." - Steve Harvey
"The truth is rarely pure and never simple. " - Oscar Wilde
"Remember the entrance to the sanctuary is inside you." - Rumi
"Our anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strengths." - Charles Spurgeon
"Dark times lie ahead of us and there will be a time when we must choose between what is easy and what is right." - Albus Dumbledore
"When you repeat a mistake, it is not a mistake anymore: it is a decision." - Paulo Coelho
"Be a good animal, true to your instincts." - D. H. Lawrence
"You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills." - Jim Rohn
"The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change their future by merely changing their attitude." - Oprah Winfrey
"Courage is knowing what not to fear." - Plato
"Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success. " - Henry Ford
"Not doing it is certainly the best way to not getting it.  " - Wayne Gretzky
"The heart that gives, gathers." - Lao Tzu
"Correct what you can. Learn from what you can't." - Toni Morrison
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing." - George Bernard Shaw
"There is nothing more truly artistic than to love people." - Vincent van Gogh
"Freedom is the open window through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit and human dignity." - Herbert Hoover
"If you're really truthful with yourself, it's a wonderful guidance.  " - Charlie Chaplin
"A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs, jolted by every pebble in the road." - Henry Ward Beecher
"It doesn't matter where you are, you are nowhere compared to where you can go." - Bob Proctor
"Be royal in your own fashion: act like a king to be treated like one." - Robert Greene
"Whatever satisfies the soul is truth." - Walt Whitman
"There are no mistakes in life, only lessons." - Robin Sharma
"Everything that irritates us about others." - Carl Jung
"Most people fail in life not because they aim too high and miss, but because they aim too low and hit." - Les Brown
"Tall oaks grow from little acorns." - Andrew Carnegie
"Wrong does not cease to be wrong because the majority share in it." - Leo Tolstoy
"Love yourself with the same intensity you would use to pull yourself up if you were hanging off a cliff." - Kamal Ravikant
"Unhappiness enters through a door that has been left open." - Zen Proverb
"Decide upon your major definite purpose in life and then organize all your activities around it." - Brian Tracy
"Death is not an ending. It is a transformation." - Ming-Dao Deng
"Work harder on yourself than you do on your job." - Jim Rohn
"You'll never find rainbows if you're looking down.  " - Charlie Chaplin
"What keeps life fascinating is the constant creativity of the soul." - Deepak Chopra
"One's best success comes after their greatest disappointments." - Henry Ward Beecher
"If you aren't sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better." - John Carmack
"The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary." - Vince Lombardi
"A self that goes on changing is a self that goes on living." - Virginia Woolf
"There is a difference between giving directions and giving direction." - Simon Sinek
"A moving door hinge never corrodes. Flowing water never grows stagnant." - Ming-Dao Deng
"No man is more cheated than the selfish man." - Henry Ward Beecher
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform." - Mark Twain
"Your success and happiness lie in you." - Helen Keller
"The whole is greater than the sum of its parts." - Aristotle
"Your chances of success in any undertaking can always be measured by your belief in yourself." - Robert Collier
"Lack of emotion causes lack of progress and lack of motivation." - Tony Robbins
"What you do today can improve all your tomorrows." - Ralph Marston
"There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist." - Mark Twain
"In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing." - Theodore Roosevelt
"What people need and what they want may be very different." - Elbert Hubbard
"It's not about what it is, it's about what it can become." - Dr. Seuss
"Maybe you are searching among the branches, for what only appears in the roots." - Rumi
"Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. " - W. Clement Stone
"Be - don't try to become " - Osho
"The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice... it is conformity." - Earl Nightingale
"Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward." - Unknown
"Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me." - Aristophanes
"You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind." - Joyce Meyer
"A Penny Saved is a Penny Earned" - Benjamin Franklin
"Every man desires to live long, but no man wishes to be old." - Jonathan Swift
"You're never given a dream without also being given the power to make it true." - Richard Bach
"Bad things are not the worst things that an happen to us. NOTHING is the worst thing that can happen to us." - Richard Bach
"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. " - Henry Ford
"I don't ever give up. I'd have to be dead or completely incapacitated." - Elon Musk
"We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.  " - Seneca
"Those who attain the middle Dominate the whole." - Ming-Dao Deng
"Never whine, never complain, never try to justify yourself." - Robert Greene
"Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow. " - Anne Wilson Schaef
"Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process." - Anne Wilson Schaef
"If you can't fly, run. If you can't run, walk. If you can't walk, crawl, but by all means, keep moving." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them." - Roy T. Bennett
"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." - Albert Einstein
"If you can't, you must. If you must, you can." - Tony Robbins
"Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going. " - Brian Tracy
"Just get out and do it. You will be very, very glad that you did." - Christopher McCandless
"Every limit is a beginning as well as an ending." - George Eliot
"Lost Time is never found again." - Benjamin Franklin
"Find your Light; They can't love you if they can't see you." - Bette Midler
"Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves." - Henry David Thoreau
"There are three classes of people: those who see. Those who see when they are shown. Those who do not see." - Leonardo da Vinci
"You can have the mind or you can have the moment." - Naval Ravikant
"Invisible things are the only realities." - Edgar Allan Poe
"Over time, loneliness gets inside you and doesn't go away." - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"When one does not have what one wants, one must want what one has." - Sigmund Freud
"Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece" - John Wooden
"Definitions belong to the definers, not the defined." - Toni Morrison
"Adventure is worthwhile in itself." - Amelia Earhart
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined." - Henry David Thoreau
"Never argue with ignorance. It only leads to frustration." - Unknown
"It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped." - Tony Robbins
"The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime." - Lao Tzu
"Time is a game played beautifully by children." - Heraclitus
"Your mind will make you rich or poor, depending on the use you put to it." - Brian Tracy
"Never waste a minute of your precious life thinking about people you don't like." - Celestine Chua
"Every adversity, every failure, every heartbreak, carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit." - Napoleon Hill
"Older men declare war. But it is youth that must fight and die." - Herbert Hoover
"Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence." - Vince Lombardi
"Don't be afraid to stand for what you believe in, even if that means standing alone." - Unknown
"Realize deeply that the present moment is all you have. Make the NOW the primary focus of your life. " - Eckhart Tolle
"Convinced myself, I seek not to convince." - Edgar Allan Poe
"If you done it, it ain't bragging." - Walt Whitman
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." - Helen Keller
"The difference between winning and losing is most often not quitting." - Walt Disney
"Never let the things you can't do stop you from doing what you can." - Ronald Reagan
"If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough." - Meister Eckhart
"If you don't know where you're going, you will probably end up somewhere else." - Laurence J. Peter
"Leadership is solving problems" - Colin Powell
"Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness. Listen to it carefully." - Richard Bach
"There are no accidents... there is only some purpose that we haven't yet understood." - Deepak Chopra
"Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy." - Ralph Marston
"All you need is passion. If you have a passion for something, you'll create the talent." - Yanni
"Loss is nothing else but change and change is nature's delight." - Marcus Aurelius
"Resilience is not what happens to you. It's how you react to, respond to, and recover from what happens to you." - Jeffrey Gitomer
"Light a candle instead of cursing the darkness." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"You don't get in life what you want; you get in life what you are." - Les Brown
"You want to live but do you know how to live? You are scared of dying and tell me, is the kind of life you lead really any different from being dead?" - Seneca
"The best mind-altering drug is the truth." - Lily Tomlin
"Obstacles can't stop you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all, other people can't stop you. Only you can stop you." - Jeffrey Gitomer
"Cherish forever what makes you unique, cuz you're really a yawn if it goes." - Bette Midler
"The most virtuous are those who content themselves with being virtuous without seeking to appear so." - Plato
"Ability is a poor man's wealth." - John Wooden
"There are no second chances in life, except to feel remorse." - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"Your very silence shows you agree." - Euripides
"Never be afraid to raise your voice for honesty and truth and compassion against injustice and lying and greed." - William Faulkner
"Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret." - Laurence J. Peter
"The first rule of business; treat others like they want to treat you." - Charles Dickens
"Your setback is just a setup for a comeback." - Steve Harvey
"Do all things with love." - Og Mandino
"The present moment dies every moment to become the past , is reborn every moment into the future. All experience is now. Now never ends." - Deepak Chopra
"Life must be rich and full of loving-it's no good otherwise, no good at all, for anyone.  " - Jack Kerouac
"It's much better to do good in a way that no one knows anything about it." - Leo Tolstoy
"Learn to use your emotions to think, not think with your emotions." - Robert Kiyosaki
"Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying. " - W. Clement Stone
"Poverty and hardship are created by false thinking." - Bodhidharma
"To become what you are not, behave as you do not." - T.S. Eliot
"If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it - teach yourself." - Gurbaksh Chahal
"All men are equal before fish." - Herbert Hoover
"Silence is the great teacher and to learn its lessons you must pay attention to it." - Deepak Chopra
"Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do." - Amelia Earhart
"Mistake is a mistake only if you make it twice." - Robin Sharma
"We think too much and feel too little." - Charlie Chaplin
"It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be." - Albus Dumbledore
"Confidence comes from crossing thresholds." - Kamal Ravikant
"All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree. " - Albert Einstein
"Better late than never." - Spencer Johnson
"The road to success is always under construction.." - Lily Tomlin
"Decide whether or not the goal is worth the risks involved. If it is, stop worrying." - Amelia Earhart
"Success is never final; failure is never fatal." - Conrad Hilton
"The attempt to escape from pain, is what creates more pain." - Gabor Mate
"Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about." - Marilyn Monroe
"Do every act of your life as if it were your last." - Marcus Aurelius
"The future is no more uncertain than the present." - Walt Whitman
"Each day your life grows a day shorter. Make every move count." - Ming-Dao Deng
"Whatever happened, happened for the good. Whatever is happening, is happening for the good. Whatever will happen, will also happen for the good." - Bhagavad Gita
"You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with." - Jim Rohn
"Smell the cheese often so you know when it is getting old." - Spencer Johnson
"Life would be tragic if it weren't funny." - Stephen Hawking
"We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it." - George Bernard Shaw
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.  " - Zig Ziglar
"Lying can never save us from another lie." - Vaclav Havel
"If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self." - Napoleon Hill
"While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us." - Benjamin Franklin
"Everything is in your own heart." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it." - Dale Carnegie
"A wise man will be master of his mind, a fool will be its slave." - Publilius Syrus
"It's very important to like the people you work with, otherwise life and your job is gonna be quite miserable." - Elon Musk
"The smallest of actions is always better than the noblest of intentions." - Robin Sharma
"Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations." - Unknown
"It is in the darkness that one finds the light." - Meister Eckhart
"Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success." - Robert Kiyosaki
"If you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away." - Stephen Hawking
"A man is but a product of his thoughts. What he thinks he becomes." - Mahatma Gandhi
"A zen master's life is one continuous mistake." - Dogen
"To live fully is to be always in no-man's-land, to experience each moment as completely new and fresh." - Pema Chodron
"If you want something you've never had you must be willing to do something you've never done." - Thomas Jefferson
"TEAMWORK: the fuel that allows common people attain uncommon results." - Andrew Carnegie
"Talent is luck. The important thing in life is courage." - Woody Allen
"Allow motion to equal emotion." - Elbert Hubbard
"The path is difficult to ensure worthiness. The lazy look elsewhere, The persevering find riches." - Ming-Dao Deng
"Only to the extent that we expose ourselves over and over to annihilation can that which is indestructible in us be found." - Pema Chodron
"Throw me to the wolves and I will return leading the pack.  " - Seneca
"The trouble with most of us is that we'd rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism." - Norman Vincent Peale
"Others can stop you temporarily - you are the only one who can do it permanently." - Zig Ziglar
"Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist." - Pablo Picasso
"Don't be afraid to see what you see." - Ronald Reagan
"Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"This is such a short and precious life that it's really important that you don't spend it being unhappy." - Naval Ravikant
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." - Og Mandino
"Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than exposure." - Helen Keller
"Generosity is giving more than you can, and pride is taking less than you need." - Kahlil Gibran
"Most of us will do anything to avoid facing ourselves." - Lolly Daskal
"A little impatience will spoil great plans." - Chinese Proverb
"No need to hurry. No need to sparkle. No need to be anybody but oneself." - Virginia Woolf
"You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment. Fools stand on their island of opportunities and look toward another land. There is no other land; there is no other life but this." - Henry David Thoreau
"Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose." - Steve Jobs
"You give but little when you give of your possessions. It is when you give of yourself that you truly give." - Kahlil Gibran
"We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing." - George Bernard Shaw
"Conflict cannot survive without your participation. " - Wayne Dyer
"There is no limit to the amount of good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit." - Ronald Reagan
"For all evils there are two remedies - time and silence." - Alexandre Dumas
"There is an essence of when you are fearless, you become more creative." - Gurbaksh Chahal
"Ponder and deliberate before you make a move." - Sun Tzu
"The mind that turns ever outward Will have no end to craving. Only the mind turned inward Will find a still-point of peace." - Ming-Dao Deng
"Don't let someone elses. opinion become your reality." - Les Brown
"No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future." - Roy T. Bennett
"Even the smallest person can change the course of the future." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Life goes by very fast. And the worst thing in life that you can have is a job that you hate, and have no energy and creativity in." - Robert Greene
"Our life isn't how much we can take out, but how much we can put in.  " - Estee Lauder
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James
"To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders." - Lao Tzu
"Rather than waste time and energy worrying, use that time and energy to constructively deal with whatever is causing the worry." - Celestine Chua
"Investing in yourself is the best investment you will ever make." - Robin Sharma
"But better die than live mechanically a life that is a repetition of repetitions." - D. H. Lawrence
"A Hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles." - Christopher Reeve
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
"The most important thing is to enjoy your life, to be happy, it's all that matters." - Audrey Hepburn
"You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts." - Kahlil Gibran
"The energy of the mind is the essence of life." - Aristotle
"Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants." - Epictetus
"The older you get, the more you understand how your conscience works." - Criss Jami
"Life is a gift. Never forget to enjoy and bask in every moment you are in." - Celestine Chua
"A crisis is an opportunity riding the dangerous wind." - Chinese Proverb
"What one does is what counts. Not what one had the intention of doing." - Pablo Picasso
"By words the mind is winged." - Aristophanes
"By changing nothing, nothing changes." - Celestine Chua
"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." - Henry Ford
"Stuff your eyes with wonder... live as if you'd drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It's more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories." - Ray Bradbury
"Fashion fades, only style remains the same." - Coco Chanel
"Wherever you are is the entry point." - Kabir
"Life is like a beautiful melody, only the lyrics are messed up." - Hans Christian Andersen
"You came empty handed, and you will leave empty handed." - Bhagavad Gita
"Is it really possible to tell someone else what one feels?" - Leo Tolstoy
"The human mind defines things in relation to one another - without light the notion of darkness would be unintelligible." - Josh Waitzkin
"If you want peace, you won't get it with violence." - John Lennon
"Dreams are the royal road to the unconscious. " - Sigmund Freud
"It is difficult to free fools from the chains they revere. " - Voltaire
"The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers." - Amelia Earhart
"Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.  " - Seneca
"A tiny change today brings a dramatically different tomorrow." - Richard Bach
"Don't settle, and don't struggle." - Naval Ravikant
"The only problem we really have is we think we're not supposed to have problems! Problems call us to higher level- - face & solve them now!" - Tony Robbins
"Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone." - Alan Watts
"Silence is a source of great strength." - Lao Tzu
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy
"Study logic and math, because once you've mastered them, you won't fear any book." - Naval Ravikant
"Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Most great people have achieved their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure." - Napoleon Hill
"If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves." - Thomas Edison
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." - Thomas Edison
"Success is about creating value." - Candice Carpenter
"There is no failure except in no longer trying. There is no defeat except from within, no insurmountable barrier except our own inherent weakness of purpose." - Elbert Hubbard
"Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances. " - Herodotus
"The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your thoughts about it." - Eckhart Tolle
"Note that this journey is uniquely yours, no one elses. So the path has to be your own." - Jon Kabat-Zinn
"Music is like creating an emotional painting. The sounds are the colors." - Yanni
"Unless a man is master of his soul, all other kinds of mastery amount to little." - Theodore Roosevelt
"There is always risk, so learn to manage risk instead of avoiding it." - Robert Kiyosaki
"People don't realize that now is all there ever is; there is no past or future except as memory or anticipation in your mind." - Eckhart Tolle
"Have a vision, trust yourself, break some rules, ignore the naysayers, don't be afraid to fail." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"I have never let my schooling interfere with my education." - Mark Twain
"A lot of people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could." - Zig Ziglar
"We can have more than we've got because we can become more than we are." - Jim Rohn
"Happiness is only real, when shared." - Christopher McCandless
"Leave the beaten track behind occasionally and dive into the woods. Every time you do you will be certain to find something you have never seen before." - Alexander Graham Bell
"A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise. " - Buddha
"Just do the best you can. No one can do more than that." - John Wooden
"It's what you do in the present that will redeem the past and thereby change the future." - Paulo Coelho
"Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing." - Helen Keller
"Sometimes things become possible if we want them bad enough." - T.S. Eliot
"Do not look upon this world with fear and loathing. Bravely face whatever the gods offer." - Morihei Ueshiba
"Pleasure can be supported by an illusion; but happiness rests upon truth. " - Nicolas Chamfort
"People are doing the best that they can from their own level of consciousness." - Deepak Chopra
"You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore." - Christopher Columbus
"He who violates another's honor loses his own." - Publilius Syrus
"Consider the rights of others before your own feelings, and the feelings of others before your own rights." - John Wooden
"I want the fishing rod, not the fish." - Yanni
"I believe that one of life's greatest risks is never daring to risk." - Oprah Winfrey
"The highest level of wisdom is when you not only accept but love adversity." - Maxime Lagace
"Some people are old at 18 and some are young at 90. Time is a concept that humans created." - Yoko Ono
"Use your smile to change the world but don't let the world change your smile." - Unknown
"There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge..." - Napoleon Hill
"You can never get enough of what you don't need to make you happy." - Eric Hoffer
"Don't Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today." - Will Rogers
"Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do." - Thomas Jefferson
"Life is essentially an endless series of problems. The solution to one problem is merely the creation of another." - Mark Manson
"Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today." - Mother Teresa
"No grand idea was ever born in a conference, but a lot of foolish ideas have died there." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Forgive those who have hurt you." - Les Brown
"Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree. " - Martin Luther
"What do we live for if not to make life less difficult for each other?" - T.S. Eliot
"What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things." - Unknown
"Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you." - Unknown
"The goal is not to show how great you are to others, but how vulnerable you are to yourself." - Maxime Lagace
"You have as much laughter as you have faith." - Martin Luther
"Children are our greatest natural resource." - Herbert Hoover
"Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny." - Steve Maraboli
"Our stories may be singular, but our destination is shared." - Barack Obama
"What you seek is seeking you." - Rumi
"We can either add to our character each day, or we can fritter away our energies in distractions." - Ming-Dao Deng
"The health of nations is more important than the wealth of nations." - Will Rogers
"Cease striving. Then there will be transformation." - Zhuangzi
"The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Success is a poor teacher." - Robert Kiyosaki
"The time is now, the place is here. Stay in the present." - Dan Millman
"Love is the expression of one's values." - Ayn Rand
"There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power or our will." - Epictetus
"Man is affected not by events but by the view he takes of them.  " - Seneca
"Sometimes letting things go is an act of far greater power than defending or hanging on." - Eckhart Tolle
"Try all things, hold fast that which is good." - John Locke
"A clever person turns great troubles into little ones, and little ones into none at all. " - Chinese Proverb
"Troubles are often the tools by which God fashions us for better things." - Henry Ward Beecher
"Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time." - Elbert Hubbard
"Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day." - Unknown
"Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it." - Robert Frost
"The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty." - Winston Churchill
"We crave for new sensations but soon become indifferent to them. The wonders of yesterday are today common occurrences " - Nikola Tesla
"Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together." - Marilyn Monroe
"He who cheats the earth will be cheated by the earth." - Chinese Proverb
"Take the attitude of a student. Never be too big to ask questions. Never know too much to learn something new." - Og Mandino
"Where ever you are, you are one with the clouds and one with the sun and the stars you see. You are one with everything." - Shunryu Suzuki
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars." - Og Mandino
"When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.  " - Zig Ziglar
"Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom." - Aristotle
"We need never be ashamed of our tears." - Charles Dickens
"There is no self-discovery without pain and loss." - Anita Krizzan
"Nature loves to hide." - Heraclitus
"We are all like the bright moon, we still have our darker side.  " - Kahlil Gibran
"People who belittle people, will be LITTLE people, and will accomplish very Little" - Norman Vincent Peale
"It takes half your life before you discover life is a do-it-yourself project." - Napoleon Hill
"At every moment where language can't go, that's your mind." - Bodhidharma
"No snowflake ever falls in the wrong place." - Zen Proverb
"Don't be afraid of missing opportunities. Behind every failure is an opportunity somebody wishes they had missed." - Lily Tomlin
"Our view of the world is truly shaped by what we decide to hear." - William James
"From morning till night, we should never rely on a single thing." - Huang Po
"You have the potential for greatness." - Steve Harvey
"What is planted in each person's soul will sprout.  " - Rumi
"Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth." - Pema Chodron
"Rich people have small TVs and big libraries, and poor people have small libraries and big TVs." - Zig Ziglar
"Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit." - Aristotle
"Any thought that is passed on to the subconscious often enough and convincingly enough is finally accepted." - Robert Collier
"Be careful the environment you choose for it will shape you; be careful the friends you choose for you will become like them." - W. Clement Stone
"You can suffer the pain of change or suffer remaining the way you are." - Joyce Meyer
"Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them. " - Henry Ford
"Truth is exact correspondence with reality. " - Paramahansa Yogananda
"Don't look back - you're not going that way." - Mary Engelbreit
"The wise warrior avoids the battle." - Sun Tzu
"When something comes from within, when it is a part of you, you have no choice but to live it, to express it." - Kamal Ravikant
"The reward of suffering is experience." - Harry S. Truman
"The person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure." - Colin Powell
"Love is the energy of life." - Robert Browning
"Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn." - Miguel de Cervantes
"One of the oldest human needs is having someone to wonder where you are when you don't come home at night. " - Margaret Mead
"What the mind can conceive, it can achieve." - Napoleon Hill
"Misfortune shows those who are not really friends." - Aristotle
"Only when I fall do I get up again." - Vincent van Gogh
"We have a duty to maintain the light of consciousness to make sure it continues into the future." - Elon Musk
"Everything great that has ever happened to humanity has begun as a single thought in someone's mind." - Yanni
"Patience is not the ability to wait but the ability to keep a good attitude while waiting." - Joyce Meyer
"Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has." - Margaret Mead
"The goal is not to be perfect by the end, the goal is to be better today." - Simon Sinek
"Great minds are always feared by lesser minds." - Dan Brown
"It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." - Albus Dumbledore
"I'm an optimist by choice not by stupidity." - Yanni
"The world doesn't owe you anything. It was here first." - Mark Twain
"Stop comparing yourself to others and focus on your own improvement." - Lolly Daskal
"Curiosity is the most powerful thing you own. Imagination is a force that can actually manifest a reality." - James Cameron
"What's right is what's left if you do everything else wrong." - Robin Williams
"The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing. " - Henry Ford
"In youth we run into difficulties. In old age difficulties run into us. " - Beverly Sills
"Unexpressed emotions will never die. They are buried alive and will come forth later in uglier ways." - Sigmund Freud
"Do not ignore the passion that burns in you. Spend time to discover your gift." - Steve Harvey
"How you think is as important as as what you think." - Unknown
"Learning is a weightless treasure you can always carry easily." - Chinese Proverb
"Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time." - Barack Obama
"Leadership starts at the top." - Morgan Wootten
"A little progress each day adds up to big results." - Unknown
"You become stronger with every problem you face and every obstacle you overcome." - Celestine Chua
"Life is and will ever remain an equation incapable of solution, but it contains certain known factors. " - Nikola Tesla
"Life is a long lesson in humility. " - James Matthew Barrie
"Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration." - Thomas Edison
"People who have goals succeed because they know where they're going. It's that simple." - Earl Nightingale
"The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something." - Barack Obama
"Challenge yourself to find the good and beautiful thing inside of everyone." - Mark Manson
"A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided." - Tony Robbins
"You may be one person in this world, but to one person you may mean the world." - Unknown
"When the root is strong, the fruit is sweet." - Bob Marley
"The biggest adventure is what lies ahead." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Focused, hard work is the real key to success." - John Carmack
"When you get up in the morning, you have two choices - either to be happy or to be unhappy. Just choose to be happy." - Norman Vincent Peale
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." - Herman Melville
"Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle." - Abraham Lincoln
"The older you get the stronger the wind gets - and it's always in your face." - Pablo Picasso
"I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been." - Wayne Gretzky
"There's no coming to consciousness without pain" - Carl Jung
"To some degree, you control your life by controlling your time." - Conrad Hilton
"Everything begins with an idea." - Earl Nightingale
"When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal; you do not change your decision to get there." - Zig Ziglar
"We've got to live, no matter how many skies have fallen." - D. H. Lawrence
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible." - Tony Robbins
"Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Your life will never be the same again." - Og Mandino
"If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin." - Charles Darwin
"Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same." - Audrey Hepburn
"The healthiest response to life is joy." - Deepak Chopra
"Zen insists that the whole trouble is just our failure to realize that there is no problem." - Bruce Lee
"You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him." - Audrey Hepburn
"To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power." - Ayn Rand
"You purchase pain with all that joy can give and die of nothing but a rage to live." - Alexander Pope
"Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace." - Amelia Earhart
"Nothing can survive without food. Everything we consume acts either to heal us or to poison us." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"Life and the simple beauty of it is too good to pass up." - Christopher McCandless
"Failure is a prerequisite for great success. If you want success faster, double your rate of failure." - Brian Tracy
"Understanding that rests in what it does not understand is the finest." - Zhuangzi
"It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living." - Eckhart Tolle
"Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. " - Chinese Proverb
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out." - Robert Collier
"The more we have the less we own." - Meister Eckhart
"Be the silent watcher of your thoughts and behavior. You are beneath the thinker." - Eckhart Tolle
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein
"The real art in learning takes place as we move beyond proficiency, when our work becomes an expression of our essence." - Josh Waitzkin
"Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today." - Steve Maraboli
"The swift wind of compromise is a lot more devastating than the sudden jolt of misfortune. " - Charles Swindoll
"Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create." - Roy T. Bennett
"Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality." - Edgar Allan Poe
"Fear not the path of Truth for the lack of People walking on it." - Robert F. Kennedy
"We love the things we love for what they are." - Robert Frost
"Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him." - James Allen
"Every night before going to sleep, we must ask ourselves: what weakness did I overcome today? What virtue did I acquire?" - Seneca
"Argue for your limitations and sure enough, they're yours." - Richard Bach
"The sweetest pleasure arises from difficulties overcome." - Publilius Syrus
"A man is great not because he hasn't failed; a man is great because failure hasn't stopped him." - Confucius
"Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved. " - D. H. Lawrence
"Empty yourself of everything - let the mind become still." - Lao Tzu
"Nothing has any power over me other than that which I give it through my conscious thoughts." - Tony Robbins
"Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed." - Vaclav Havel
"I think self-awareness is probably the most important thing towards being a champion. " - Billie Jean King
"Adventure is not outside man; it is within." - George Eliot
"The wise learn many things from their enemies." - Aristophanes
"Courage is the willingness to engage in a risk-taking behavior regardless of whether the consequences are unknown or possibly adverse." - Alfred Adler
"The one who boasts does so only out of a feeling of inferiority." - Alfred Adler
"Hope and fear come from feeling that we lack something; they come from a sense of poverty." - Pema Chodron
"A warrior does not give up what he loves, he finds the love in what he does." - Dan Millman
"Art is to console those who are broken by life." - Vincent van Gogh
"You will succeed because most people are lazy." - Shahir Zag
"The strongest and sweetest songs yet remain to be sung." - Walt Whitman
"Success is getting what you want... Happiness is wanting what you get." - Dale Carnegie
"The world would go on even without you. Don't take yourself so seriously." - Norman Vincent Peale
"The act of taking the first step is what separates the winners from the losers." - Brian Tracy
"Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge." - Plato
"Be the change that you want to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"A heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others." - Judy Garland
"Your work is to discover your work and then, with all your heart, to give yourself to it." - Buddha
"The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it's the illusion of knowledge." - Stephen Hawking
"We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give." - Unknown
"You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are!" - John Lennon
"We can see through others only when we can see through ourselves." - Bruce Lee
"The person who cannot control his words shows that he cannot control himself." - Robert Greene
"It is not what we get. But who we become, what we contribute... that gives meaning to our lives." - Tony Robbins
"We are always complaining that our days are few, and acting as though there would be no end of them.  " - Seneca
"One must be deeply aware of the impermanence of the world." - Dogen
"Patience is a bitter plant, but its fruit is sweet." - Chinese Proverb
"It all depends on what you choose to believe." - Spencer Johnson
"Many answers to what you seek don't lie 'out there'. If you look inwards, you'll find the answer has been in you all along." - Celestine Chua
"Just try to be the best you can be; never cease trying to be the best you can be. That's in your power." - John Wooden
"Your first and foremost job as a leader is to take charge of your own energy and then help to orchestrate the energy of those around you." - Peter Drucker
"For every effect there is a root cause. Find and address the root cause rather than try to fix the effect, as there is no end to the latter." - Celestine Chua
"Everything that is done in the world is done by hope." - Martin Luther
"Loving thoughts and actions are clearly beneficial for our physical and mental health." - Dalai Lama
"Only one thing is ever guaranteed, that is that you will definitely not achieve the goal if you don't take the shot." - Wayne Gretzky
"The secret of happiness, you see, is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less." - Dan Millman
"When your intuition is strong, follow it." - Lolly Daskal
"Darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines, it will shine out the clearer." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"If he cannot stop the mind that seeks after fame and profit, he will spend his life without finding peace." - Dogen
"The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability. " - Henry Ford
"Whether you have a problem in your life or not depends upon your own attitude, your own understanding." - Shunryu Suzuki
"If you haven't the strength to impose your own terms upon life, then you must accept the terms it offers you." - T.S. Eliot
"The more you are focused on time - past and future - the more you miss the Now, the most precious thing there is." - Eckhart Tolle
"A tiger doesn't lose sleep over the opinion of sheep." - Shahir Zag
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
"Public opinion is the worst of all opinions." - Nicolas Chamfort
"Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Don't let them drag you down by rumors. Just go with what you believe in." - Michael Jordan
"I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. " - Confucius
"If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were." - Kahlil Gibran
"Do something worth remembering." - Elvis Presley
"Fools read fast. Geniuses reread." - Maxime Lagace
"A Rolling Stone Gathers No Moss." - Publilius Syrus
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"We ordinary people must forge our own beauty." - Kenji Miyazawa
"The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance." - Alan Watts
"If a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favorable.  " - Seneca
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. " - Confucius
"Living life in style also means living a life of balance." - Jim Rohn
"Today you are you, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is you-er than you." - Dr. Seuss
"Each day provides it's own gifts." - Marcus Aurelius
"You have the ability, now apply yourself." - Benjamin Mays
"I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better." - Henry David Thoreau
"Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.  " - Zig Ziglar
"When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself" - Wayne Dyer
"Growth comes at the point of resistance." - Josh Waitzkin
"Be as fluid as water, do not give your enemies anything solid to attack." - Robert Greene
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken " - Oscar Wilde
"Don't give up on your dreams, or your dreams will give up on you." - John Wooden
"Don't let the noise of others opinions drown out your inner voice." - Steve Jobs
"I take the position that I'm always to some degree wrong, and the aspiration is to be less wrong." - Elon Musk
"I was wise enough to never grow up while fooling most people into believing I had. " - Margaret Mead
"Never be bored, and you will never be boring." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. " - Laurence J. Peter
"Get mad, then get over it." - Colin Powell
"Don't try to steer the river." - Deepak Chopra
"Go and do the things you can't. That is how you get to do them." - Pablo Picasso
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?" - John Wooden
"If light is in your heart, you will find your way home.  " - Rumi
"The problem happens when we have multiple desires. When we have fuzzy desires. When we want to do ten different things and we're not clear about which is the one we care about." - Naval Ravikant
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone elses. life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking." - Steve Jobs
"Watch what you say, and whatever you say, practice it." - Soyen Shaku
"Life is not meant to be easy my child, but take courage: it can be delightful." - George Bernard Shaw
"In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you." - Deepak Chopra
"Don't take yourself too seriously, pretty soon you can find the humor in our everyday lives." - Betty White
"The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance. " - Brian Tracy
"You have to make time, even for something as universal as staring at the stars." - W.P. Kinsella
"It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top." - Henry Ward Beecher
"Do what is right, not what is easy, nor what is popular." - Roy T. Bennett
"The truly rich men are the ones who have health, loved ones and a work they love." - Maxime Lagace
"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. " - Henry Ford
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Treat every moment as your last. It is not preparation for something else." - Shunryu Suzuki
"All leaders are readers." - Jim Rohn
"The saddest aspect of life is that there is no one on earth whose happiness is such that he won't sometimes wish he were dead rather than alive." - Herodotus
"The world is open for play, everything and everybody is mockable in a wonderful way." - Robin Williams
"Better to have, and not need, than to need, and not have." - Franz Kafka
"Words can only have a positive effect on others if and when they are ready to listen." - Christopher Reeve
"The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch." - Jim Rohn
"If your mind is empty, it is always ready for anything, it is open to everything." - Shunryu Suzuki
"Life is from the inside out. When you shift on the inside, life shifts on the outside." - Kamal Ravikant
"If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're misinformed." - Mark Twain
"Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality. " - Brian Tracy
"No one can confidently say that he will still be living tomorrow." - Euripides
"Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine -  shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"Don´t hesitate or allow yourself to make excuses. Just get out and do it." - Christopher McCandless
